The FBI will be dedicating up to six agents to help with the criminal investigation into the disappearance of Kyron Horman, following a recent review of the local task force's nearly nine-month investigation by FBI agents who specialize in child abduction cases.

Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton, who is scheduled to update county commissioners this morning,  said the multi-agency task force will proceed at least through June without any requests for more money.

"We're not going to back off on this investigation," Staton said Wednesday. "We may not have it solved, and it may not be to the satisfaction of some, but the fact is they're making progress."

The investigation, which has cost the sheriff's office $1.42 million, has turned up no physical evidence of the 7-year-old boy who was last seen June 4 at Skyline School.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

Investigators on the multi-agency Kyron Horman Task Force have subpoenaed more than 300 sets of e-mail, cellular phone and computer records, and have hired private technical specialists, including a cellular phone engineer from California, to assist in their review.

"We've collected those items, and now it's going to take time to get through all of it," Staton said.

Agents from the

based in Quantico, Virginia, came to Portland when Kyron first was reported missing, and two returned to spend several days with the Kyron Horman investigative team in late January and early this month.

The agents, more commonly known as the FBI's profilers, assist law enforcement agencies in complex cases based on investigative experience, education, specialized training and research, according to the FBI website. They provide investigative suggestions, interview strategies, profiles of unknown offenders, and analysis of leads.

"The FBI has stepped up their participation," Staton said Wednesday. "They've offered up the BAU unit and any assistance."

Beth Anne Steele, FBI spokeswoman, said the BAU agents assisting bring an expertise specific to violent crimes and kidnapping.

"They sit down with investigators and go through the case files page by page, and try to help brainstorm ideas," she said. "They may say, 'you want to try this,' or 'have you looked at this?' "

They've examined the investigative documents and other evidence accumulated so far -- everything from GPS marks picked up from cell phones to taped interviews of persons of interest to what media outlets have caught on camera.

"They have a way of being able to tell us what it is they're observing," Staton said.

As a result of the BAU agents' visit, the FBI is dedicating a group of agents from its Portland office to work on running down certain leads or conducting interviews with people who have not been reached.

"We are providing a core group of investigators to help deal with some specific tasks that were identified by the profilers and the task force," Steele said.

The recently assigned group of federal agents will be working out of the FBI's office initially, Steele said. The federal agency has more than 100 agents throughout the state.

Kyron's stepmom, Terri Moulton Horman, took him to school early June 4 for a science fair. She told investigators she last saw him walking to his classroom at 8:45 a.m., but he wasn't reported missing until he failed to arrive home by bus that afternoon.

While the inquiry has continued to focus on Terri Horman and several of her close friends or associates, the task force must be careful to run down other potential leads, such as contacting and interviewing all sexual offenders living around the Skyline School or Kyron's home.

"Anything that we neglect to look into are potentials in a prosecution as something that you can poke a hole through,'' Staton said. "So we can't be remiss in looking at all the leads."

Investigators have identified more than 490 people who were at the school June 4, as well as the 54 vehicles parked on the campus that day, Staton said. To do that, they had to examine photographs taken at the school during the science fair, sometimes checking the license plates of cars appearing in the background.

"The actual account of everyone and everything that was on that campus that day, we now know," he said.

Since Kyron was reported missing, more than 4,318 investigative leads have been developed. Detectives have completed more than 3,500 interviews and filled 66 four-inch binders. They've contacted 124 sex offenders, but the sheriff would not comment on whether they've been excluded as suspects.

The structure of the task force will remain with the sheriff's office continuing to dedicate a sergeant, two detectives and a search-and-rescue coordinator. Oregon State Police, Portland, Clackamas and Washington county sheriffs have contributed a detective each. Washington County might have to pull its detective, however, Staton said.

Search-and-rescue volunteers have put in a total of 19,793 hours.

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Watch: Former Oregon Ducks’ star posts career day,  powers Tampa Bay Buccaneers to overtime winDec. 1, 2024, 9:23 p.m.

Watch: Former Oregon Ducks’ star scores again for the Tampa Bay BuccaneersDec. 1, 2024, 7:07 p.m.

"I'm disappointed this isn't over with. I'm disappointed we haven't found this young man," Staton said. "I don't put the blame on our investigators...Everybody who has been involved in this has worked on this case as diligently as possible. We know more about what potentially did happen than we ever did in the past. The biggest hope is we would have found him."

By mid-June, if there's been no arrest, Staton said he will review the task force's progress once again. "One thing I can assure you, if this case stagnates and there's nothing more coming in, we'll have to take a different approach."

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices