terriandkainehorman.JPG

Terri Horman and Kaine Horman are pictured here at a June 13, 2010, press conference organized to seek the public's help in finding Kyron.

(The Oregonian)

A Multnomah County judge
finalized the divorce of Kaine Horman and Terri Moulton Horman on
Tuesday, days before the two were set to go to trial.

The couple married in April
2007 -- more than six years ago. Kaine Horman filed for divorce on June 28,
2010 -- 24 days after Kaine Horman's son, 7-year-old Kyron, was last seen at
Skyline Elementary School in rural Northwest Portland.

Multnomah County Circuit
Judge Henry Kantor signed off on the divorce. He noted, however, that the
Hormans still need to work out who will get legal custody of their daughter,
Kiara, who is now 5. They will also need to work out an agreement on parenting
time.

"The parties have settled
the financial aspects of their divorce," said Stephen Houze, an attorney for
Terri Horman. "The issues of custody and parenting time regarding their minor
child will be the subject of future court proceedings."

Kaine Horman, who has
custody of Kiara, was present at the hearing. Terri Horman participated by telephone.
Neither responded to requests for comments.

According to the

obtained by the Oregonian:

Kyron Horman vanished from
Skyline School on June 4, 2010, after Terri Horman brought him there early that
day to attend a science fair. The boy never made it to his regular class but
wasn't reported missing until later that afternoon when he didn't return home
by school bus.

The state's largest search-and-rescue operation turned up no
traces of him. A criminal investigation continues with no arrests made.

Kaine Horman has said
publicly he suspects Terri Horman was involved in Kyron's disappearance. But
she's not been charged or pinpointed by authorities as a person of interest.

Multiple searches have been
conducted, but they have never turned up any indications of what happened to
the boy.

This was Kaine Horman's
second marriage, and Terri Horman's third.

Shane Dixon Kavanaugh of
the Oregonian contributed to this report.

-- Aimee Green

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices