by Jessica Tomlinson | Jul 15, 2022 | Crime, Featured, News, Videos

Summary of what we know about this case so far:

This age progressed photo of what Kyron might look like now is from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office.

A dedicated group of people have been searching for Kyron Horman since his disappearance in 2010. Many believe his step mother Terri Horman was involved in the disappearance, though no evidence has been found to suggest that as of now. Terri has never officially been named as a person of interest in the case, and has denied all involvement in Kyron's disappearance.

Now, twelve years after the disappearance, Kyron's biological mother is asking the Multnomah County District Attorney to create a specialized task force to solve the case and find out what happened to Kyron.

According to Multnomah County District Attorney Mike Schmidt, the case is still open and being investigated.

The last photo taken of Kyron Horman by his stepmother Terri Moulton on June 4, 2010.

You can get official information about Kyron's disappearance at the FBI link here. You can also download the official missing poster with information to hang up around your community here.

Kyron has brown hair, blue eyes, and has a distinct V-shaped strawberry birthmark on his forehead.

If you know anything about Kyron Horman's disappearance, if you know where he may be now, or if you have any other information about the case, please contact the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office. You can call 503-823-3333 or 503-261-2847 with information.

You can also submit a tip at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children’s 24-hour tip line at 1-800-THE-LOST.

by Jessica Tomlinson | Dec 3, 2024 | Featured, News, Weather

Back in January, 2024, an ice storm hit Oregon and caused an estimated $72 million dollars in damage and 15 deaths. With that ice storm came temperatures as low as 25 degrees Fahrenheit in Portland. Now, due to high-pressure and a lack of clouds in the sky, Portland...

by Tyler James | Dec 1, 2024 | Food & Drink, News, Restaurants

UPDATE: We want to provide an update regarding the opening date of the Chick-fil-A Springfield location at 3450 Gateway Street. While the December 5th date we initially reported was sourced from what appeared to be an official announcement, we’ve since learned that...

by Jessica Tomlinson | Dec 1, 2024 | Christmas, Entertainment, Events, Family Fun, Featured, Festivals, Holidays, Things To Do

If you’re dreaming of twinkling lights, charming festivities, and cozy holiday vibes straight out of a Hallmark movie, Oregon has you covered. These adorable Oregon towns go all out to capture the magic of the season with festive events, decorations, and activities to...

by Tyler James | Nov 27, 2024 | News

After an extensive four-day effort, the Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office (CCSO) has suspended its search and rescue operations for Susan Lane-Fournier, a 61-year-old hiker who disappeared in the Mt. Hood National Forest near Welches. Lane-Fournier, who also goes by...

by Tyler James | Nov 25, 2024 | Adventures, News

The Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office is ramping up efforts to locate 61-year-old Susan Lane-Fournier, who disappeared while hiking with her two dogs in the Mt. Hood National Forest. Lane-Fournier, who is also known as “Phoenix,” was reported missing after she failed...

by Tyler James | Nov 25, 2024 | Adventures, News

This year, swap the chaos of Black Friday sales for the serenity of Oregon’s great outdoors. "Green Friday" returns, offering a perfect excuse to lace up your hiking boots, grab your fishing gear, and reconnect with nature. On the day after Thanksgiving, Oregon State...

by Tyler James | Nov 24, 2024 | News

More than a dozen drivers found themselves stranded on a snowy and treacherous road in northeast Oregon after following GPS directions that led them astray, as reported by KOIN. The incident unfolded on Wednesday, November 20, 2024, and required hours of rescue...

by Jessica Tomlinson | Nov 23, 2024 | Featured, Food & Drink, Restaurants, Thanksgiving

Thanksgiving can be stressful, and not everyone wants to cook a full spread. We’ve got you covered with a great list of dine-in and take-out options for Turkey Day!

by Tyler James | Nov 22, 2024 | News, Oregon Coast

Brookings has joined the growing list of Oregon coastal towns where camping on the beach is officially prohibited, following a decision by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Commission. The new rule, approved on Wednesday, will take effect on December 1, 2024. This rule...

by Tyler James | Nov 20, 2024 | News, Weather

A powerful storm system swept across the northwestern United States, bringing strong winds, heavy rain, and widespread disruptions. Dubbed a "bomb cyclone" due to its rapid intensification, the storm caused power outages across multiple states, downed trees, and...

by Jessica Tomlinson | Nov 19, 2024 | Adventures, Featured, Interesting, Southern Oregon, Travel

This cozy little store is filled to the brim with charm, and sits just a minute down the road from the historic Grave Creek covered bridge.

by Tyler James | Nov 18, 2024 | News, Weather

The West Coast is bracing for a powerful bomb cyclone that promises to deliver hurricane-force winds, torrential rain, and feet of snow to Oregon, Northern California, and Washington. This rare weather event is set to unleash its fury beginning Tuesday, November 19,...

© 2024 | That Oregon Life LLC | All rights reserved