Kaine Horman's lawyer has filed

, saying it would be detrimental to the welfare of the involved children and violate his due process right to the swift administration of justice.

Further, Kaine Horman's lawyer, Laura Rackner, said Terri Moulton Horman's request to delay the divorce while the criminal investigation into stepson Kyron's disappearance proceeds could occur "indefinitely."

"There is no guarantee when the criminal aspects of this case will be resolved (i.e in one , two, five or even ten years) or how long media interest will continue,'' Rackner wrote, in an Aug. 11 court filing. "Wife has not demonstrated why her personal interests should outweigh the best interests of the children.''

Rackner continued to urge the court to have Terri Horman identify the source of the money she's using to pay criminal defense lawyer Stephen Houze. Although Terri Horman's lawyer described in court papers the reported $350,000 Rackner cited in an earlier legal filing as "grossly overstated,'' Rackner in response has submitted a copy of a June 30 text message exchange between Terri Horman and Michael Cook in which Terri Horman reportedly cited that figure to Cook.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

"Hey on a side note, the news channels all just announced you've got Stephen Houze! That's awesome (it's in the news so I figured I can text it),'' Cook reportedly texted to Terri Horman at 11:20 p.m., according to Rackner's Exhibit A filed in court.

"Yep, guess how much he costs?" Terri wrote back.

"Zillions?" Cook asked.

"350K," Terri Horman replied later.

Several of their text message exchanges June 30, obtained by Kaine's lawyer from law enforcement, were redacted in Exhibit A filed in court, but Kaine's lawyer alerts the court that she has the complete, unredacted copy that could be made available for the judge's examination.

Terri Moulton Horman's lawyer had argued that it would be impossible to proceed with divorce-related issues considering the ongoing criminal investigation into the disappearance of Kaine Horman's son, 7-year-old Kyron, and the "intense scrutiny and speculation" into his client. Terri Horman's attorney, Peter Bunch, said the resolution of custody and parenting time would require an evaluation of each parent by a psychologist.

"The evaluator must be independent, and the evaluation process must be free of outside influence, such as media attention and the scrutiny assocated with this case,'' Bunch wrote in a filing at the end of July. "Because of the current investigation, and actions taken by the police, it is evident that the evaluator, and his or her work product, could become part of the investigation, which would completely disrupt the evaluation process.''

On June 28, Kaine Horman filed for divorce and a restraining order against his wife, two days after authorities told him that a landscaper had said Terri Horman approached him in late 2009 and offered to pay him to kill her husband. Kaine Horman left the house with their young daughter, Kiara. He has since returned, forcing Terri Horman out of their home on Northwest Sheltered Nook Road.

No arrests have been made in the disappearance of Kyron, last seen at his Skyline School science fair on June 4.

An Aug. 25 hearing is scheduled in Multnomah County Circuit Court on the pending divorce and restraining order matters.

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Dear Doctor: How much acetaminophen can you take before the dose becomes toxic?Nov. 28, 2024, 9:00 a.m.

Here are the top ranked cruise lines in 6 categories, including Caribbean and familyNov. 29, 2024, 11:48 a.m.

--

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices