Search and rescue teams descended on

Sunday for the second day in the largest search effort in months for

.

The search was an effort by the

to be thorough and was not the result of any new tips or leads, said sheriff’s office spokeswoman Lt. Mary Lindstrand. She added that she could not comment on what searchers were looking for or if anything was found.

A total of 113 search personnel from numerous Washington and Oregon agencies, and including ground crews and searchers using horses and all-terrain vehicles combed the fields and densely forested areas of Sauvie Island on Sunday. The effort was scaled back from Saturday’s search, which included 160 searchers.

The island has been a focus of the investigation since the boy, then 7, disappeared from Skyline School on June 4. In the days after he was reported missing, divers searched the waters around the island and crews searched by helicopter, horse and on foot.

Lindstrand said crews weren’t searching the entire island, but she wouldn't say what specific areas were being covered. Search teams were seen primarily in the central part of the island, west of Northwest Reeder Road. The island is in both Columbia and Multnomah counties and teams covered areas in both.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

A crew of six from the Washington-based

and

search and rescue teams, two private organizations, suited up in yellow clothes and helmets before beginning to search their assigned area.

Rick Blevins, field coordinator for Silver Star, would not say what areas they would cover but said that they volunteered their time to the effort.

"We’re just making sure the grass hasn’t moved," he said.

Soon after, the group split in half and headed in different directions. One group of three spread on a field near the intersection of N.W. Reeder Rd. and Rentenaar Rd. and walked with eyes aimed at the ground. One of them, like many ground searchers on the island, carried a long stick-like instrument used to search through bushes and brush.

"They’re searching through vegetation so they’re taking implements with them to get through those areas," Lindstrand said. "Some of it is fields, some of it is briar bushes and blackberry bushes, that’s why they have horses and ATVs also."

Meanwhile, residents who live nearby watched and wondered whether the missing boy would be found.

Marily Quesnel, who lives close to

where a search headquarters was set up throughout the weekend, said she checked the dense blackberry bushes and shrubs around her home when Kyron was first reported missing.

"There are remote spots, lots of outbuildings and bushes," she said. "I think we all kind of checked our own locations."

Quesnel said kids who live on the island rode the bus with Kyron and are taking his disappearance the hardest: "That’s probably the most disturbing thing, how hard it is on the kids."

Carmen Garza, another resident of the island, said heart goes out to Kyron’s family.

“We’re really sad because the mother must be suffering,” she said.

On Friday, Kyron’s mother, Desiree Young, held a news conference

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Portland police investigate reports of suspicious car near Ida B. Wells High SchoolDec. 3, 2024, 3:57 p.m.

Asking Eric: My neighbor screams at me when I try to take back my area of yard that's filling up with her weeDec. 1, 2024, 2:00 p.m.

offered for her son’s safe return to at least $350,000.

--

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices