Desiree Young's lawyer has filed a motion asking a judge to compel DeDe Spicher, a friend of Terri Moulton Horman's, to answer his questions after she declined to answer

he took earlier this month stemming from Young's civil lawsuit against Horman.

Multnomah County sheriff's investigators looking into the disappearance of

, a second-grader who went missing from Skyline School on June 4, 2010, were interested in the whereabouts of Spicher on that day.

Spicher declined to answer any questions posed by Young's lawyers on Oct. 5 that involved Terri Horman, Kyron's stepmom, or Kyron -- each time asserting her Fifth Amendment constitutional right not to incriminate herself.

Spicher also declined to answer questions about where she was on June 4, 2010.

"Are you aware that Kyron Horman has disappeared?" asked Young's lawyer, Elden Rosenthal.

"I'm asserting my Fifth Amendment right," Spicher replied, according to a transcript filed in Multnomah County Circuit Court.

Spicher even declined to identify a photo of Terri Horman, or whether she knew Terri Horman's husband, Kaine Horman, Young, or had ever met Kyron.

Deposition

Young's lawyer, Elden Rosenthal, asked Spicher about her relationship with Terri Horman, including when she met her, if they ever worked out at the same gym together, if she moved into the Horman home after Kyron disappeared, and whether Terri Horman ever spoke to her about her relationship with Terri's husband or sons, Kyron and James Moulton.

In his motion filed in Multnomah County Circuit Court Monday, Rosenthal asks the court to compel Spicher to answer his questions. Rosenthal noted in the motion that the Fifth Amendment provides that "no person...shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself..."

"Plaintiff believes that Ms. Spicher has inappropriately sought the protection of the privilege against self-incrimination," Rosenthal wrote. "The privilege is personal; it cannot be used to protect another person...Otherwise, the privilege could be used as a shield to protect a witness' friends, and to deny a civil litigant probative evidence."

"A witness may not invoke the Fifth Amedment in order to hide knowledge of a friend's criminal conduct,'' Rosenthal wrote.

Young's civil lawsuit accuses Terri Horman of kidnapping Kyron and asks a judge to compel her to bring him back, or divulge where his body was taken. The suit seeks $10 million in damages, with the option to seek additional punitive damages, and was filed three days before the two-year anniversary of Kyron's disappearance.

Two years ago, Multnomah County investigators searched Spicher's Tualatin condo, the garden property on Northwest Old Germantown Road where Spicher was working that day and her aunt's address as they sought to determine Spicher's movements.

In 2010, investigators also put out a flier with Spicher's photos on it, asking if anyone noticed her or Terri Horman between 9:45 a.m. and 1 p.m. on June 4, 2010.

On June 4, 2010, Spicher was doing gardening work for a homeowner in the Northwest section of Portland, and abruptly left about 11:30 a.m., when the homeowner and another person working at the home were ready to sit down for lunch. The homeowner tried calling Spicher on her cell phone, but got no answer, and Spicher returned to the house about an hour to 90 minutes later, detectives were told.

Spicher asserted her Fifth Amendment right when asked in the deposition about her actions that day.

No one has been charged in Kyron's disappearance, and he has not been found.

Spicher did tell Young's lawyers during her deposition that she moved to her parent's house in Klamath Falls in September 2010 after losing a job. She said she now works for Skylakes Klamath Medical Clinic, helping coordinate patients' referrals to specialists.

Also in her deposition, Spicher said she had been doing a gardening internship for a woman in Northwest Portland in 2010. She identified the man she last was in a relationship with, and even gave her changing weight from the time she ran a marathon in 2008 to her current weight.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

But Spicher declined to say whether or not she was paid for the work she did on June 4, 2010 at the garden property on Northwest Old Germantown Road home. She did say that she was receiving unemployment benefits at the time.

Rosenthal pointed out that Spicher, who gave an interview to People Magazine for a story that ran Aug. 17, 2010, also wouldn't answer any questions regarding direct quotations from the People interview, or whether she got paid for the interview.

Some of Rosenthal's questions were more probing and personal. He asked Spicher whether Terri Horman used steroids, whether  Terri Horman ever had sex with Kaine Horman's friend Michael Cook, who spent time at the Horman house after Kyron disappeared, and whether Spicher is bisexual.

Each time, Spicher asserted her Fifth Amendment right, declining to answer.

On June 4, 2010, Terri Horman had driven Kyron to school for a science fair. She told authorities that she last saw him walking down the hall toward his classroom about 8:45 a.m. Kyron never made it there, but he wasn't reported missing until the afternoon after his father, Kaine Horman, and Terri Horman discovered he wasn't aboard the school bus returning home.

Peter Bunch, Terri Horman's attorney, has characterized the goal of Young's lawsuit as an "end run" by Young and police to obtain information they couldn't get through the criminal inquiry into Kyron's disappearance.

Spicher was a visible presence beside Terri Horman after Kaine Horman left their house and obtained a restraining order against her.

Spicher appeared before a Multnomah County grand jury in July 2010 in response to a subpoena, her lawyer Chad Stavley confirmed then.

At the time, Stavley disputed allegations raised by Kyron's parents that Spicher was impeding their missing son's investigation by not cooperating and advising others not to talk to law enforcement.

"Well, the fact of the matter is she has been cooperating," Stavley, Spicher's lawyer, said in 2010. "She met with detectives in the case for three-and-a-half hours, and has had several follow-up conversations with detectives. She's cooperated fully. And frankly, the suggestion that she has urged others not to cooperate is absolutely false."

Stavley was present with Spicher during her deposition in the Young lawsuit, which lasted from 9:34 a.m. to 10:56 a.m. on Oct. 5.

Spicher said she was asserting her Fifth Amendment rights at the advice of her attorney.

Young's attorney urges Multnomah County Judge Henry Kantor, who is handling the civil case, to conduct a "question-by-question'' examination of Spicher's deposition to determine whether the Fifth Amendment applies.

"It is the Court's role in the civil justice system to prevent improper refusals to provide relevant testimony,'' Rosenthal wrote in the motion.

--

;

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices