Terri Horman, whose stepson Kyron has been missing for six years, told Dr. Phillip McGraw on his talk show Thursday that she believes the boy was kidnapped by a man in a white pickup truck.

It's the first time Terri has publicly shared what she believes happened to Kyron on June 4, 2010 after she says she dropped the boy off at Skyline Elementary School. She told McGraw that employees at a 7-Eleven on Highway 30 spotted a suspicious man lurking around.

At one point, Terri Horman said, the man asked where the nearest school was. An employee told him about Skyline.

Terri Horman says a 7-Eleven employee informed police about the suspicious man, but that nobody ever followed up on the tip.

The rest of the interview consisted primarily of Terri Horman rebutting claims made by Kyron's biological parents, Desiree Young and Kaine Horman, on the same program three years prior. Young alleged that the boy's stepmother was behind his disappearance, that she had a grudge against Kyron for causing a rift in Terri's marriage with Kaine, her husband at the time.

"She actually said that?" Terri asked McGraw when he aired the footage.

Soon afterward, McGraw brought up the fact that Terri failed two polygraph tests and that she walked out of a third.

Vanessa Van Edwards told KATU and KOIN that Kyron Horman's stepmother lied on "Dr. Phil."

"There's a lot that's been made of the fact that you failed two polygraphs," McGraw said.

Terri Horman said the first one felt like a by-the-books affair, that it took an hour to conduct and that she had "time to process what (the police officer) was saying to respond."

She claimed that she was incredulous when she found out she failed.

"I'm just done cooperating," she recalls telling Kaine Horman, perturbed that she was being questioned in the first place.

Terri then claimed that the second polygraph felt rushed.

The conversation then moved to Terri's use of the past tense she talked about Kyron in the days after his disappearance. Young in 2013 told McGraw that she felt suspicious when Terri told her she'd "loved" Kyron.

"I understand what she's trying to suggest and she's wrong," Terri said.

The interview ended with McGraw saying that they'd have to "deal with the reality: As time passes," the odds of finding the boy decrease.

That's when Terri said she believed Kyron is still alive and that "somebody came into the school and took him."

She then launched into the story about the man at 7-Eleven.

Vanessa Van Edwards, a body language expert, told KATU and KOIN that although she believes Terri lied at various points during the interview, the stepmother "nailed" her assertion that Kyron is still alive.

The Thursday interview on "Dr. Phil" concluded a two-part session McGraw taped with Terri earlier this year.

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Where to watch Stanford vs San Jose State football streaming free today; TV channel, spread, game oddsNov. 29, 2024, 11:08 a.m.

Walmart has best TV deal of Black Friday 2024: Samsung ‘The Frame’ 4K displays are over $1,100 offNov. 29, 2024, 6:21 p.m.

During the first session, the two went over the day Kyron disappeared and details of Terri and Kaine's marriage.

Thursday's segment closed with a nod to the tipline for any information regarding Kyron: 503-261-2847.

--Eder Campuzano 503.221.4344 @edercampuzano ecampuzano@oregonian.com

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices