Searchers and investigators resumed their ground search for Kyron Horman over the weekend, this time 
focusing on the 2.2 mile

loop - not far from the 
home where DeDe Spicher, one of Terri Moulton Horman's friends - was gardening the day Kyron went missing.

Searchers were looking more deeply 
through the area, while investigators were canvassing and questioning 
residents along the stretch to see if they recalled seeing a white truck or 
anything unusual on June 4, the day Kyron disappeared.

Officers from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office showed Old Germantown Road resident James Emerson a sheaf of papers with photographs of Spicher, Terri Horman, and the white Ford pick-up truck Horman was driving that day.

"We had not seen either of those people or that vehicle," Emerson told police.

Emerson said he gave searchers permission to search his 6 acre property. Like other nearby properties, Emerson's is thick with vegetation, narrow deer and elk tracks, and rugged terrain.

"This time of year, it's almost impossible to get through because it's so thick," Emerson said. "And in June, after all those rains, it would have been mushy and difficult to get through, too."

Investigators
 are still trying to determine both Terri Horman's and Spicher's 
whereabouts during an overlapping period of the day the boy vanished during a science fair at Skyline School.

Spicher
 abruptly disappeared from her gardening work that day, from about 11:30
 a.m. until 1 p.m., according to information her employer and another 
person working at the home told investigators.

Karen Friedman, another resident on Northwest Old Germantown Road, said investigators came to her door this weekend and asked her to fill out a questionnaire.

It asked if she was home on June 4 between about 9:45 a..m. and 1 p.m., if she had any guests over that day, and if she had seen Spicher, Terri Horman or the white truck Terri Horman was driving that day. Their photos were on one side of the questionnaire.

Freidman said she hadn't. Her mother, who was out walking, noticed the searchers. "It was a lot of activity," for a normally very quiet community.

Jeff Clemes, also a resident along Old Germantown Road, estimated there were about 30 searchers, including some with dogs, this weekend, combing through the remote wooded neighborhood. He was also asked if he had seen Spicher or Kyron's stepmom on June 4.

"They asked if I had seen those people or seen that truck in this area?" Clemes said.

Searchers and canvassers are expected back during the week.

--

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices