Step-Mother was arrested in 2005 for DUI and endangering her 11-year-old son.

June 30, 2010 &#151; -- A call to 911 from the home of Kyron Horman's father and stepmother has been added to the police investigation of the 7-year-old boy's disappearance.

Sheriff's officials would confirm only that someone had called 911 from Kaine and Terri Horman's home late Saturday, the same day that Kaine Horman reportedly moved out, taking the couple's young daughter with him.

The reason for the call has not been released, and police said the call is now part of their case into Kyron's disappearance. Two days later, Kaine Horman filed for divorce and a restraining order against Terri Horman, the last person known to have seen Kyron alive nearly a month ago.

A records search of Terri Horman under her current, maiden and previous married names turned up a DUI conviction in 2005 in which she pleaded guilty not only to driving under the influence, but also to "reckless endangerment of another."

Oregon State Police Lt. Gregg Hastings told ABCNews.com that the endangerment charge stemmed from the fact that her son, who was 11 at the time, was in the vehicle when she was stopped.

A spokeswoman for the court in Marion County, Ore., said Horman was sentenced to 12 months probation, a 90-day suspension of her driver's license and she had to attend alcohol counseling programs and attend a victim impact statement.

In addition, she wracked up nine traffic infractions, including several for speeding and one for driving with an expired license, between 1988 and 2004.

In the weeks that Kyron has been missing, his family seems to have crumbled, and experts said his parents' actions speak volumes, even as the two remain silent.

The divorce papers  cite "irreconcilable differences."

But to file the type of emergency restraining order that he did, Kaine Horman would have had to made the case that his wife posed an immediate threat to him or their 18-month old daughter, according to former FBI special agent Brad Garrett.

The restraining order prohibits Terri Horman from having contact with her other children, an older son and the toddler daughter. Kaine Horman is asking Oregon courts for sole custody of the little girl.

The order also prohibits Terri Horman from possessing any guns, according to The Associated Press.

The restraining order has been sealed by a judge who said he was concerned that releasing the entire document could jeopardize the investigation into the disappearance of Kyron.

Under Oregon law, the type of emergency restraining order granted to Kaine Horman would require some specific example of why there was an immediate threat of danger, Garrett said. So far, there's no word on what Kaine Horman could have told the judge.

"There's something under the surface here that we don't know about," Garrett told "Good Morning America" today. "There's got to be some pattern of abuse here. It's not something that all of a sudden happened and he decided to go to court."

Terri Horman, who has raised Kyron since infancy, has said virtually nothing in public about the June 4 disapperance of the little boy, appearing twice in solidarity with her husband and Kyron's mother and stepfather.

Terri Horman's name, however, was not on in a statement issued Monday night by Kyron's mother, father and stepfather.

"We have been fully briefed by law enforcement on the ongoing criminal investigation," the statement read, adding that the family was "in complete support of that investigation."

24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events