A Multnomah County Circuit Court judge has sealed the restraining order filed late Monday against Kyron Horman's stepmother.

»

»

»

»

An assistant to Judge Keith Meisenheimer said the entire file has been sealed. Kaine Horman, Kyron's father, filed the request at 6 p.m.

A summary of the order filed in court shows the judge allowed no parenting time for Terri Moulton Horman.  The restraining order also restricts her from possessing firearms, a routine step in these proceedings.

Meanwhile, television news crews and reporters this morning were at the home of

. When a reporter from The Oregonian knocked at the door, Horman responded but declined to comment.

On Monday, Horman

-- both of which came as a surprise, sources told The Oregonian.

In his divorce petition, Kaine Horman cites "irreconcilable differences" 
as the cause for the breakdown of his marriage. He seeks sole custody of
 the couple's daughter and requests child support from Terri Moulton 
Horman.

The document also states that Kaine Horman has lived apart from Terri Moulton Horman since Saturday. His address is undisclosed.

Laura E. Rackner, Kaine Horman's attorney, said in a statement today, "Mr. Horman has a continuing desire to bring Kyron home safely, and to provide for the best interests of his daughter Kiara.''

Rackner, who specializes in family law, added, "Mr. Horman remains supportive of all of the law enforcement agencies working to locate Kyron and will continue to act in his children's best interests.''

Kyron, 7, disappeared June 4 from Skyline School. A massive search of the areas and on Sauvie Island turned up no clues. The sheriff's office has not commented on rumors that Terri Horman is a suspect.

If the stepmom wants to contest the restraining order, which involves the custody of her 19-month-old daughter, she would have to file a request for a hearing by July 28 (within 30 days of the day the order was served on her, June 28), and a hearing would have to be held within five days of her request for a hearing.

-- The Oregonian

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices