Investigators looking into the disappearance of 7-year-old

resumed a concentrated search along the 2.2 mile Northwest Old Germantown Road loop, at and around the home where DeDe Spicher, one of

friends, was gardening the day Kyron went missing.

Meanwhile, a Multnomah County grand jury Monday continued to hear testimony in the disappearance of the Skyline School second-grader, with women and men who had worked out at the same gym as Kyron's stepmother called to appear.

Investigators also are trying to determine whether another adult was seated in the white pickup that Terri Horman had driven to Skyline School early June 4, while she accompanied her stepson to the school's morning science fair.

The sheriff's office plans to release further "case details" Wednesday regarding the reported sighting of an unknown adult in the Horman pickup in the school's parking lot while Terri Horman was inside the school from about 8:15 to 8:45 a.m. She told investigators that is the last time she saw Kyron.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

The sheriff's office plans to discuss the details at a Wednesday news conference in an effort to obtain the public's help in determining the person's identity.

Over the weekend, searchers combed through the wooded neighborhood off Old Germantown Road while investigators questioned residents whether they recalled seeing a white truck, Terri Horman, her friend Spicher or anything unusual on June 4, the day Kyron disappeared.

Deputies from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office showed Old Germantown Road resident James Emerson a sheaf of papers with photographs of Spicher, Terri Horman, and the pickup  Horman was driving that day.

"We had not seen either of those people or that vehicle," Emerson told police.

Emerson said he gave searchers permission to search his six-acre property. Like other nearby properties, Emerson's is thick with vegetation, narrow deer and elk tracks, and rugged terrain.

"This time of year, it's almost impossible to get through because it's so thick," Emerson said. "And in June, after all those rains, it would have been mushy and difficult to get through, too."

Investigators are still trying to determine Terri Horman's and Spicher's whereabouts during an overlapping period the day the boy vanished.

Spicher abruptly disappeared from her gardening work that day at a 40-acre property along Old Germantown Road, about four miles from the school, from about 11:30 a.m. until 1 p.m., according to information her employer and another person working at the private garden property told investigators.

The owners were preparing for an open garden tour the next day, June 5.

Karen Friedman, another resident on Old Germantown Road, said investigators came to her door this weekend and asked her to fill out

. It asked whether she was home on June 4 between about 8:45 a..m. and 1 p.m., if she had any guests over that day, and whether she had seen Spicher, Terri Horman or the white truck. Their photos were on one side of the questionnaire.

Friedman said she hadn't. Her mother, who was out walking, noticed the searchers. "It was a lot of activity" for the normally quiet community, she said.

Jeff Clemes, also a resident along Old Germantown Road, estimated there were about 30 searchers, including some with dogs. He was also asked whether he had seen Spicher or Kyron's stepmom on June 4.

"They asked if I had seen those people or seen that truck in this area," Clemes said.

Monday afternoon, a woman who had worked out at the 24-Hour Fitness gym that Terri Horman had frequented was called to answer prosecutor's questions.

Investigators had previously met with the woman, questioning her about her conversations with Terri Horman in the weeks and months before Kyron's disappearance, according to the woman's husband.

--

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Retailers offer big Black Friday deals to coax inflation-weary shoppersNov. 29, 2024, 6:44 p.m.

and

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices