The FBI has brought a vast array of resources to help the search for

today including 
launching its Child Abduction Rapid Deployment Team. It's a regional team 
although they have flown in members from across the country, including a Quantico-based profiler who is on-site to help develop a complete profile of the boy.

3:30 p.m. Carole Smith, superintendent of Portland Public Schools, appeared at the press briefing to say her heart and the hearts of all the district personnel go out to Kyron and his family. She outlined a series of immediate steps which she said the district will take to address the second-grader's disappearance, which she called "unprecedented and deeply troubling."

In addition to assigning a crisis response team to Skyline Elementary Monday  with counselors available for children, the district also plans to assign two school resource officers to enhance security at the school.

The district will immediately mandate the use of the automated call system at all district K-8 schools to notify parents when a child is absent without prior notice. Now the system operates in 37 of the district's 57 K-8s although it operates in all the high schools.

Smith said it would take a week to get the automatic system operating in all schools, so in the meantime staff will personally call home if a student is absent without prior notice to the school.

She said the policy of requiring all staff, contractors and visitors to wear badges inside the school will be strictly enforced and any visitors who fail to comply will be asked to leave.

A counseling hotline (503-916-3931) will be staffed by 8:30 a.m. Monday to answer questions or offer help district-wide.

Smith said a team of school district leaders as well as representatives from the teacher's union will review all arrival and dismissal practices to see where they could be improved.

2 p.m. -- Heavy rains have turned to lighter showers as a Yamhil County search and rescue team prepared to give reporters on a glimpse of the grid searching going on within a 2-mile radius of Skyline Elementary School.

1:50 p.m. -- The Oregonian's Stuart Tomlinson produced a video of today's developments outside the school.

1:29 p.m. -- Neighbors stop by Brooks Hill Historic church, across the street from the school, to mull over the investigation. "This kind of thing is unheard of," says Jim Kelley, 50.

Kelley, who lives about a mile and a half down hill, at the end of a winding, secluded country lane off Cornelius Pass, said police, federal agents, K-9 teams and helicopters scoured the area Saturday.

"We had two odd sightings of a vehicle on our road Friday," Kelley said. Around 3 p.m., he and a neighbor reported seeing a white pick-up truck with a female driver pull to the end of the long road, idle and then turn around. Then again at 2 a.m. Saturday morning, a similar white pickup truck appeared, idled and when a neighbor loosed her dogs, eased away.

"A, it was strange to have a car there, any car there, that we didn't know, and B, it was strange to have a vehicle come down our dead-end road twice in the same day, hours after a little boy goes missing," said Kelley. "That's beyond rare."

Kelley said authorities have twice searched the deep ravine, creek and railroad tracks located near the end of his street by air and on foot.

12:10 p.m. -- Relatives have begun distributing missing person fliers with a photo of Kyron and this description: "3' 8" tall, 50 pounds, blue eyes, brown hair. Last seen 
wearing black cargo pants, white socks, and worn black Skecher Tennis shoes 
with orange trim." In the accompanying photograph, taken at the science fair on the morning he disappeared, Kyron is wearing a dark-colored t-shirt with the "CSI" show logo.

, a UK-based missing child site.

If it sounds familiar, contact the Multnomah County Sheriff's Tip Line at 503-261-2847, or call 9-1-1.

11:45 a.m. -- Counselors and support staff plan to gather at Skyline's K-8th grade school northwest of Portland first thing Monday morning, said Portland Public School District spokesman Matt Shelby. Overwhelmed students will have access to a "safe room" for additional counseling support.

"It's been hard for the students, hard for the parents, hard for the staff," Shelby said. "We're going to try and have as normal a day as we can tomorrow."

The school year is scheduled to end in 10 days.

11:35 a.m. -- Schools spokesman Shelby says parents were notified of the all-day Sunday debriefing with police and federal agents via a robocall Saturday. The oldest students at the school began to arrive at 10 a.m.; kindergarteners and first grade students are set to arrive with parents later in the afternoon.

11:10 a.m. -- Vickie Coghill, a 35-year resident of Portland's Skyline area, pointed to the billboard outside the school, which reads "June 4, I.B. Inquiry Expo, 8-10, Talent show, 1-2:45." Kyron was to take part in both the expo/science fair and the talent show, Coghill said.

"Something like this ripples through everyone," she said. "It's very frustrating. You want to help, but how?"

10:35: a.m. -- Today's search by 58 trained volunteers with sheriff's departments in Washington, Multnomah, Clark and Yamhill counties, coupled with additional searchers from Portland Mountain Rescue, Silver City, and Portland Northwest Search and Rescue, was expected to continue into the night, said Sgt. Diana Olsen, incident commander for Multnomah County Sheriff's
 Office Search and Rescue.

10:25 a.m. -- Saturday's search of the school, its immediate grounds, and the two mile-route between Kyron's home and the school yielded no clues, said Multnomah County incident commander Olsen.

"I'm hoping we will have completed a two-mile radius today of homes and fields, outbuildings, barns, tunnels, railroad tracks," Olsen said.

10:11 a.m. -- A Portland Public School District spokesman is enroute to 
the school, where counselors will be on hand Monday to 
help the children and teachers cope with the disappearance. The Multnomah County Search and Rescue coordinator arrives to speak with reporters.

9:48 a.m. -- The search for Kyron continues this morning as the first of 300 students and their parents return to Skyline Elementary

.

Fifty detectives are on-hand to begin interviews at 10 a.m. continuing until 4 p.m.

9:33 a.m. -- Lt. Mary 
Lindstrand, public information officer for the Multnomah County Sheriff's office, 
implored the public to come forward with any information  they have about 
Kyron.  She urged people not to let weather keep them from coming forward.

"Our basis mission is to bring Kyron home," she said.

Authorities made no progress in the search for Kyron, which was suspended overnight but is resuming today with a 2-square-mile grid search. The massive effort to find the second-grader involves four county sheriff's departments, the Portland Police Bureau and a large number of federal agents with the FBI. So far, the search hasn't turned up any clues about the child's whereabouts.

Kyron Horman

Kyron showed off his project on the red-eyed tree frog and by 8:45 a.m. Kyron waved goodbye to Horman outside of his classroom. At some point after that, the boy's teacher, Kristina Porter, marked Kyron absent. It was not until 3:30 p.m., when she realized her stepson was not on the school bus, that Horman discovered he had been absent all day. She then called 9-1-1.

--

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

12-year-old drives 161 miles over Cascades before deputies chase him downNov. 29, 2024, 12:52 p.m.

Portland man, 28, found guilty except for insanity in mother’s murderDec. 3, 2024, 1:44 p.m.

and

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices