The dark-haired and redheaded women standing side by side at a news conference in the

investigation share a longtime bond with the 7-year-old boy gone missing. With a nation looking on, they shared their grief under the glare of television.

The mother, Desiree Young, 38, and stepmother,

, 40, were friends long before the beaming and bespectacled 7-year-old went missing from Skyline School in northwest Multnomah County. Since his June 4 disappearance, his blended family has hunkered down out of public view, emerging only as a group. Neither mother has spoken publicly, and the dads have read only prepared statements.

But details of their relationship have emerged in multiple interviews by The Oregonian with friends and family.

was the last known person to see Kyron after she took him to

that day, and she was the first to report him missing when she discovered he wasn't on the school bus that afternoon. That day followed years of caring for him. When Kyron was a toddler, Desiree went to Canada to seek treatment for a serious medical condition. Her friend Terri became Kyron's caretaker.

»

»

»

»

The story dates to 2000, when Desiree married Kaine Horman. The couple's relationship quickly soured, however, and they planned to separate, but then Desiree got pregnant. So, they gave it another shot. But in August 2002, when Desiree was eight months pregnant, she filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences.

Kyron was born Sept. 9, 2002, and Kaine and Desiree were officially divorced in 2003. Kaine and Desiree shared custody, but Kyron mostly lived with Desiree until 2004, when she went to Canada after suffering kidney failure.

Kyron moved in full time with his dad, now 36, an engineer at Intel. With a demanding job at the company's Jones Farm campus in Hillsboro, where he works in the architecture group, Kaine needed child care. So, Desiree's friend Terri moved in to help.

"Someone had to watch the baby," said Amanda Howards, the former wife of Kaine's brother Kristian. "Terri was her friend. She moved in just to help with the baby."

Terri brought her son, James, now 16, from her first marriage.

Two months after leaving for Canada, Desiree returned to the United States with $30,000 in medical bills. To get back on her feet, she moved in with her family in Medford, who helped support her.

Desiree never tried to regain custody of Kyron, though she has maintained a close relationship with her son, caring for him every weekend or so with her new husband, Medford police Detective Tony Young.

After Desiree returned to Oregon, Terri and Kaine stayed under the same roof while he worked at Intel and she cared for the kids. What started as a caregiving relationship blossomed.

In April 2007, they got married. Looking buff in their bathing suits, they said their vows in a small ceremony on a shimmering beach in Kauai, the Garden Isle of Hawaii.

Terri's wide smile and glimmering eyes shine with happiness in a photo posted on her Facebook page.

On Mother's Day that year, Kaine gave his new bride a 2007 candy apple red Ford Mustang GT.

"Something shiny for the driveway," she wrote under the picture on her Facebook page. "Yes, Kaine is all that and a bag of chips!"

She adorned it with her vanity license plate RDSQRL, which is short for Red Squirrel, a nickname that reflects her long, thick mane of red hair.

More than a year after they were married, on Dec. 8, 2008, Kaine and Terri had a baby girl, Kiara.

Her name reflects a family tradition of Kaine's biological father, Kurtis Mengel, who has a twin sister, Kari Mengel Hoagland. Mengel and his wife, Kristi, named their sons Kaine and Kristian, now 32.

According to friends and family, the Hormans are a tight-knit, loving family that enjoys doing things together.

They play board games, go bowling with friends and take trips. In 2009, they visited Walt Disney World in Orlando, Fla. Late last year they went to the Roloff Farm in Helvetia where the reality TV show "Little People, Big World" is filmed. And recently, they peered at the animals at the Oregon Zoo.

Terri volunteered at Skyline School, where Kyron was in second grade, and she took him to swimming lessons with James and with Kiara.

"They're very nice people," said Adam Farber, who runs a swimming school and taught Kyron to swim and worked on strokes with James. Farber had no idea until he went missing that Kyron was Terri's stepchild. "They all fit in really well."

Marriage, parenthood

Terri was born March 14, 1970 and grew up in Roseburg, the daughter of two teachers, Carol and Larry Moulton. She graduated from Roseburg High School in 1988 and went to Umpqua Community College, where she met her first husband, Ron Tarver. They married in 1991 in Roseburg.

Their son, James Logan, was born Jan. 26, 1994.

The couple divorced in 1995 but tangled in court in 1999 over Tarver's failure to pay child support.

Court documents indicate that he did not pay child support between 1996 and 1998.

By that time, though, she had moved on. In 1996, she married Richard Ecker in Springfield. He adopted James two years later. Ecker, who now lives in the Portland area, continues to pay more than $500 in monthly child support for James, though he's not seen him in six or seven years.

"He's still my legal son," Ecker said.

During their marriage, Terri earned a bachelor's degree from Northwest Christian University in Eugene in 2000, according to her Facebook page.

The couple relocated to Beaverton in 2001 and separated that year, and their divorce became final in 2002.

Terri looked for work.

Between March 2001 and June 2002, she was a substitute teacher in the Hillsboro School District. According to spokesman Beth Graser, Terri held long-term jobs at Eastwood, Mooberry and Lenox elementaries.

After moving in with Kaine, Terri went onto the on-call substitute teachers list between 2003 and 2006. Graser said Terri held no more long-term jobs with the district.

"She stopped teaching and subbing so she could be with Kyron during his preschool and toddler years," said Jaymie Finster, a friend from junior high school who worked with Terri in the school district.

But Terri did hit the books. In about 2004, she earned a master's in education from Pacific University in Forest Grove.

On her Facebook page, she says her dream job would be superintendent of a school district.

She also loves playing video games such as "World of Warcraft" and is an exercise buff, regularly going to the gym. In 2005 she placed fourth in the over-35 category for women in the Emerald Cup of bodybuilding.

That same year, she was snagged on Interstate 5 in Marion County for drunken driving. James, who was 11, was in the car. With a blood-alcohol level of 0.15 percent, she was charged with DUII and reckless child endangerment. Terri pleaded guilty and took a diversion course.

She has had no other violations.

Family and friends say she is a focused mom.

"She's a pretty attentive mom," said Tarver, her first husband.

Her second spouse, Richard Ecker, has kind words to say about her as well: "She was always a gifted teacher. She did as much for the school and the kids as she could."

He couldn't imagine his ex-wife doing anything to harm a child.

"She would never hurt a child," he said. "She's not wired that way."

Focus on the kids

Terri was thrilled when Kiara was born in December 2008. Tarver said she had always wanted a girl. Terri's enthusiasm spilled onto her Facebook page, which has dozens of photos of the cherub-faced carrot-topped girl with blue eyes. She also flooded Tarver and other acquaintances with photos and e-mail updates of the baby's progress.

He thought that was unusual because he wasn't close to her family.

Mainly, their relationship has consisted of exchanging kids. Once a month, they would converge at Shari's Restaurant in Springfield and do a swap, with James staying with Tarver and his new wife, and Kyron going with Desiree and her husband.

They no longer do that swap with Tarver. Since March, James has lived in Roseburg, first with his grandparents and now with Tarver.

It's not clear why he was sent away.

But the parents' relationships have been cordial, said Terri's mom, Carol Moulton.

She's been in Portland, trying to comfort Terri and Kaine. "It's a tough deal," said Larry Moulton, Terri's father, who's still in Roseburg. "There's a lot of grilling. There's a lot of pressure."

Kaine's adoptive dad, R. Neil Horman, says Kyron's disappearance has been a strain on the parents.

"The loss of a child like this is devastating," he said.

--

(Kimberly A.C. Wilson, Shane Dixon Kavanaugh and Lynne Palombo contributed to this report.)

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices