The search and investigation into

disappearance has cost Multnomah County about $300,000 so far, with no arrests and no discovery of the 7-year-old since he vanished from Skyline School on June 4.

Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton said all but one of his seven detectives are working on the case with another 14 investigators from other agencies. They are chasing down leads that come from the tip line as well clues gleaned from interviews with community members.

»

But as Kyron’s disappearance hits the four-week anniversary and costs mount for the cash-strapped county, Staton could not say whether an arrest or resolution is coming any time soon -- nor how long the office can afford to sustain the effort.

“Ultimately, if we are unable to find Kyron, this could turn into a cold case,” Staton acknowledged in an exclusive interview with The Oregonian. “At some point I’m going to have to make a final decision that this has got to move in a different direction. But right now the way I’ve got it set up, and the way I’ve been working with investigations and the FBI, the other agencies, we will downscale appropriately based on their availability (and) the funding sources.”

»

»

»

»

Kyron Horman, a second-grader at Skyline School, was reported missing on the afternoon of June 4 after his father and stepmother, Kaine Horman and

, went to meet him at his school bus stop. They learned he wasn’t on the bus and had been marked absent at school.

Investigators said Terri Horman was the last known person to see Kyron, when she left him around 8:45 a.m. at the school. The two had visited the school’s science fair that morning where Terri Horman had snapped a photo of Kyron in front of his red-eyed tree frog exhibit. Terri Horman has increasingly become a focus of the investigation, although the sheriff’s office would not say whether she or anyone is considered a person of interest in the disappearance.

As many as 1,200 people assisted in the massive search around the school and the Horman home for Kyron in the days following his disappearance. Some areas were searched four separate times, said Staton. But they did not find any trace of him.

Staton declined to comment on whether investigators believe Kyron left the school in a vehicle, or whether they have eliminated sex offenders who live anywhere near the area as suspects. But the sheriff repeated earlier assurances that authorities believe Kyron’s disappearance is an isolated event.

“We have no evidence ... that this is a serial type of event that’s taking place,” he said.

Staton said investigators are continuing to chase down leads. Those have included recommendations from neighborhood residents on where to look as well as suggestions from parents about child behavior based on their own experiences.

“The investigation hasn’t stalled,” he said. “As it progresses you need to have enough information to do the things that you should be doing. We’ve gotten information, we’ve closed certain avenues that were opened up through sources that came in, new potential sources have come in, we’re going to continue to investigate..¤.¤. There is nothing that we have received evidence-wise that has indicated to us that we need to change the course of this investigation. We still believe that, and we will perceive, that Kyron is alive and that we will be able to locate him.”

Staton said he is working with his finance staff to identify places the sheriff’s office can shave costs and free up money to pay the personnel, food services and other costs connected with the search and investigation.

Staton teared up when talking of the emotional toll on searchers and investigators.

“I don’t put a dollar figure on a child and I won’t do that,” Staton said. “I will employ whatever it is that I have available to me to try to locate a child or someone that is vulnerable.”

--

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Deputies recover 2 dead dogs believed to belong to woman whose husband was arrested in her deathDec. 2, 2024, 12:22 p.m.

Woman who went missing with two dogs found dead near Welches, sheriff’s officials sayNov. 30, 2024, 6:38 p.m.

and

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices