Desiree Young has shared with NBC news a letter she's written to her 7-year-old son who has been missing since June 4.

»

»

»

»

"I would give anything to run my fingers through your short hair again," Young writes to her son, Kyron Horman. "I miss having you to hug anytime I want. Nighttime is always hard for me. I miss you so much and want you back here so that I can protect you from all of the horrible things in this world. I just can’t believe that you aren’t still with us."

Young lives in Southern Oregon with her husband, Medford police Detective Tony Young. While she does not have physical custody of her son, she and Young have cared for him every weekend or so.

Her letter is featured on this morning's "Today" show.

"I pray that you come back to me because I am afraid that I can’t live 
without you," she writes. "I miss you every second of every day. I would give my life 
for yours, I just want you back safe. You must come back to us."

Meanwhile, about 350 members of the greater Skyline school community have responded to

, said Lt. Mary Lindstrand, a sheriff's spokeswoman.

The

, which was directed at parents, teachers and staff at the rural K-8, asked when and where respondents saw Kyron; his stepmother,

; and a white F-250 pickup truck that Moulton Horman was driving the day Kyron disappeared.

-- The Oregonian

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices