Terri Horman

Terri Moulton Horman, during a hearing in her divorce case last year in Multnomah County Circuit Court.

(The Oregonian/File)

Terri Moulton Horman last week spoke publicly about her missing stepson for the first time since shortly after the 7-year-old boy vanished more than four years ago.

"Kyron Horman is missing," Horman told Douglas County Circuit Judge Randolph L. Garrison. "He needs to be found. I love my son. I want him home more than anything.'

She made the comments as she sought to get the court's approval to change her name to Claire Stella Sullivan to avoid what she called the "stigma" of the Horman name.

Horman also reiterated statements her criminal defense attorney Stephen Houze made in court last year in Multnomah County. "He stated in court I was in fact not the last person to have seen Kyron,'' she said, adding that her lawyer has witnesses to prove it.

Listen to Terri Horman explain why she wants a name change:

Or download

.

The Oregonian obtained an audiotape of the Aug. 4 hearing held in Roseburg, where Horman lives with her parents. The judge denied Horman's request after listening to her and four women who opposed her name change.

Listen to Vernice Powell-Porter, one of the women who opposed the name change

:

Or download

.

Terri Horman had brought her stepson to Portland's Skyline School early on June 4, 2010, to attend a science fair. The second-grader never made it back to his regular class, but wasn't reported missing until later that afternoon when he didn't return home by school bus. Despite the state's largest search-and-rescue operation for the missing child, he hasn't been located. No arrests have been made, but a criminal investigation into his disappearance continues.

Last week, Terri Horman, after being sworn in, told the judge: "After being divorced for about six months, I decided that I wanted to start a new life under a new name. ''

She said it would make it easier for her to find a job to help support her daughter, Kiara. She said she hasn't worked in four years and had tried to get a job at the local Veterans Affairs hospital in Roseburg. She said she started out as a volunteer at the hospital, but wasn't allowed to work there.

"Because of who I am, that was their words,'' she told the judge. She said she was seeking secretarial, business or accounting work.

The judge asked her how changing her name would help.

"To start over a new life without having the stigma of Horman attached to it,'' she replied.

She said she also waited to seek a name change until the custody dispute involving her daughter was resolved. Her ex-husband, Kaine Horman, has custody of Kiara, but Terri Horman has been allowed to go through a "reunifcation'' process with the daughter she hadn't been permitted to see for more than four years. Her divorce was finalized New Year's Eve.

The judge asked why she'd want to have a different last name than her daughter's?

"For her safety and mine, I think it's an ideal move,'' Terri Horman replied. "My life has been threatened, as well as my other, older son ... so I think for our safety and for a change of life, I think it's a better idea.''

Asked if she had discussed her desire for a name change with her parents, Terri Horman said no.

"How do you think they would feel?'' the judge asked.

"They would understand,'' she said. "It's a matter of their protection as well.''

Four women testified to oppose Horman's petition.

"She don't deserve to even carry another name until she wants to talk about Kyron,'' testified Stacey Green of Longview, Wash. Green told the court she's been monitoring the case online and uses the name "Green teeth'' on social media sites.

"We're Kyron's voice. Kyron don't have a voice anymore. We're here until he's found to be his voice,'' Green told the judge.

The others who took the witness stand in opposition were: Vernice Powell-Porter of Roseburg, who said her father is missing and her sister knew Terri Horman; Briana Martinez of Longview, Wash., and Kim Garcia, who said she's helped search for Kyron and volunteered at a car wash fundraiser for the boy's family. The women who spoke are not related to Terri Horman or Kyron Horman.

"Even if you grant her the name change, we still know who she is,'' Powell-Porter told the judge. Directing her comments to Terri Horman, Powell-Porter continued, "You can't escape it. We all know what happened. Some day you'll talk.''

Terri Horman got a chance to return to the witness stand to respond to those who spoke in opposition.

Listen to Terri Horman's response to those who opposed her request

:

Or download

.

"These people are completely and utterly misinformed and have malicious intent against me,'' she said. She said Green has been to her parents' house in Roseburg at least 14 times. While Green may characterize her actions as participating in vigils, Terri Horman called Green's actions part of a "hate campaign.''

The 50-minute hearing ended with the judge refusing to grant Terri Horman's request.

Listen to the judge's ruling

:

Or download

.

"Your connection to the Kyron Horman disappearance is something of great public interest,'' Garrison said. "There are folks that say that you have nothing to do with it. There are others that think that you have. ... As long as this matter remains unsolved, unresolved and until more information is given by you about that, it doesn't seem to be in the public's interest to change your name.''

Listen to full court hearing here

:

Or download

.

--Maxine Bernstein

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices