Sunday marks the anniversary of the disappearance of Kyron Horman, the 2nd grader who went missing 13 years ago after being dropped off at school.

His family is holding a car wash to raise money for more searches and a private investigator.

Kyron Horman was 7 years old when he disappeared on June 4th, 2010, from Portland’s Skyline Elementary School, shortly after arriving with his stepmother, Terri Moulton Horman, to tour a science fair at the school.

His disappearance spurred the largest search-and-rescue operation in Oregon history. The FBI, the Portland Police Bureau and the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office have conducted exhaustive searches with assistance from volunteer search-and-rescue teams. But Kyron has never been found.

The case remains open and, in an effort to spur new leads, the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office on Friday released an updated image of what Kyron might look like as a 20-year-old man. There’s a $50,000 reward for information leading to a resolution of the case.

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Old lead-sheathed telecom cables found in nearly half of Portland neighborhoods so far; health risks unclearNov. 30, 2024, 9:00 a.m.

How to check for lead-sheathed cablesNov. 30, 2024, 9:00 a.m.

The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children provided this age-progressed photo of Kyron Horman to show what he might look like in 2023. He disappeared in 2010 at age 7.

His family organized the fund-raising car wash, which will be held until 6 p.m. on Sunday at 15825 SW Walker Road in Beaverton.

Anyone with information relevant to the boy’s disappearance should contact the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office by calling the tip line at 503-988-0560 or by emailing MCSOTipLine@mcso.us.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices