A restraining order also prohibits Terri Horman from having firearms.

June 29, 2010 &#151; -- The father of Kyron Horman, the Oregon boy missing for three weeks, has reportedly obtained a restraining order against his wife Terri, prohibiting her from having contact with her other children or having any guns. Terri Horman, Kyron's stepmother, is the last person known to have seen the boy alive.

Kaine Horman reportedly sought the restraining order when he filed for divorce from Terri on Monday.

A copy of the divorce filing was posted on the website of ABC News affiliate KATU-TV in Portland, but the restraining order was sealed by the judge.

However, The Associated Press reported this evening on the contents of the restraining order, saying court officials had provided details.

Speculation has mounted in recent weeks that Kyron's stepmother might know more about the second-grader's disappearance than she had initially let on.

Kaine Horman, has moved out of their home, taking the couple's 18-month-old daughter with him, sources told KATU.

Kyron disappeared from his elementary school in Portland more than three weeks ago after an early-morning science fair, where he was photographed smiling near his presentation on frogs.

Terri Horman told police that, after touring the fair with Kyron, she last saw him walking down the hallway to his classroom. He never made it. No one reported seeing Kyron after Terri Horman.

After a massive days-long serach effort involving local authorities and the FBI, the case was changed from a missing persons case to a criminal investigation. Police have not named a suspect or person of interest.

Her husband's decision to file for divorce Monday comes on the heels of an interview Terri Horman's father gave to People magazine, in which he was quoted saying there's a "50-50" chance his daughter would be arrested.

He now says his statements were twisted around and is staying with his daughter to support her.

While Kyron's biological parents have spoken out about his disappearance, Terri Horman never has, though she silently stood next to them at two briefings.

And Terri Horman's name was not on in a statement issued last night by Kyron's mother, father and stepfather.

"We have been fully briefed by law enforcement on the ongoing criminal investigation," the statement read, adding that the family was "in complete support of that investigation."

24/7 coverage of breaking news and live events