Gallery: Kaine Horman and Terri Moulton Horman

By The Oregonian/OregonLive

Kyron Horman went missing Friday, June 4, 2010.

This is a timeline of events. The Oregonian's reporters and editors will adjust this account over time to add and adjust information.

Searchers have declined to provide some details of the investigation, including when school officials marked Kyron Horman absent on June 4. Here's a basic look at what happened on the day the second-grader disappeared from Skyline School and the following days:

2010

Friday, June 4

8 a.m. Skyline Elementary, 11536 N.W. Skyline Blvd., opens early so students and parents can tour the science fair. A billboard outside reads: "June 4, I.B. Inquiry Expo, 8-10, Talent show, 1-2:45." Kyron was to take part in both the expo/science fair and the talent show.

Terri Moulton Horman arrives shortly afterward with her stepson, Kyron.

8:15 a.m. Gina Zimmerman, president of the school PTA, arrives and sees Kyron with his stepmother in front of his exhibit.

8:45 a.m. Terri Horman leaves after watching Kyron walk toward his classroom after touring the science fair.

9 a.m. Kyron is reportedly seen by a student near the south entrance of the school, according to Sheriff Dan Staton, who says that was the last time the boy was seen. Multnomah County authorities later backtrack on that statement.10 a.m. Classes begin.

At some point, Kyron's homeroom teacher, Kristina Porter, reports him absent.

A photo posted on his stepmother's Facebook page shows Kyron Horman in front of his science fair project, wearing the "CSI" T-shirt he was last seen in.

1:21 p.m. Terri Horman posts photos of Kyron at the science fair on her Facebook page.

3:30 p.m. Terri Horman goes to meet the school bus and discovers that Kyron has been absent all day. (Kaine Horman went with her to meet the bus, a fact that emerges during a television interview on June 25.)

3:46 p.m. Skyline School secretary Susan Hall places a call to 9-1-1 about Kyron being missing.

4:33 p.m. Officers from the Portland Police Bureau and the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office arrive simultaneously at Skyline School and the Horman home.

5:30 p.m. Rapid broadcast message from Portland Public Schools goes out to alert families of a missing student. The message: "Kyron Horman did not arrive at home today." It was broadcast to the phones of parents across the school district.

7 p.m. Multnomah County sheriff's Detective Sergeant Lee Gosson alerts Sgt. Travis Gullberg, the county's on-call coordinator for search-and-rescue efforts, of the need to begin a formal missing persons search for Kyron.

Between 7 and 7:15 p.m. The Multnomah County Public Information Officer begins to return pages from members of the media and arranges to meet them at the school.

Between 7 and 7:45 p.m. Sheriff Dan Staton personally calls the FBI to alert them to the disappearance.

8:09 p.m. The first search teams arrive at Skyline School.

8:15 p.m. Lt. Mary Lindstrand, the PIO, arrives at the school, meets with those present, and then begins e-mailing a photo of Kyron to local television stations and The Oregonian.

8:25 p.m. The search-and-rescue coordinator, Deputy Mark Herron, arrives.  9:48 p.m. Mountain Wave, an emergency communications and search and rescue group based in Gresham arrives on the scene.

10:40 p.m.  Officers at Skyline Elementary report that they have completed a search of Skyline School, including all crawl spaces, storage areas, classrooms and outbuildings. They have also searched the Horman house.

10:44 p.m. A caller to 9-1-1 wants to make sure officers have checked the train tunnel in the area near the school.  She says "sometimes kids play in there, wants to make sure someone has checked that."

Saturday, June 5

3:23 a.m. Last transmission of the night about Kyron recorded on 9-1-1 run sheet.

5 a.m. Pacific Northwest Search and Rescue, another search group, is called by the sheriff's office and joins the search soon after. When they arrive on site, there are already about 60 to 70 people involved in the search.

9:08 a.m. The Associated Press receives its first official notification that Kyron Hormon is missing, via an e-mail with the subject line: SHERIFF'S OFFICE CONTINUES SEARCH FOR 7 YEAR OLD KYRON HORMAN

Helpfindmychild.net, a UK-based missing child site creates a page for Kyron.

A tip line is created: 503-261-2847.

Noon: During a news conference, a sheriff's spokesman says the search for Kyron is still a missing-person case and not a criminal investigation.

The Portland Public Schools district uses its rapid broadcast system to alert staff and parents of Skyline School students that were at the school Friday to come to the K-8 on Sunday for debriefings by police and federal agents. The oldest students are advised to arrive at 10 a.m.; kindergartners and first-graders are to arrive with parents later in the day.

4 and 8 p.m.: Authorities hold two news conferences and announce that the FBI and the National Guard have joined the effort. Search-and-rescue crews complete an "immediate grid search" around the school.

10:23 p.m. Facebook page created for supporters of Kyron and his family.

Sunday, June 6

8.58 a.m. Terri Moulton Horman posts on Facebook to say she has ordered missing-person fliers: "I ordered 1000 fliers, they will be coming to our house. I will let people know when they are here and we can go from there. Thank you everyone."

The FBI announces that they have brought in a Quantico, Va.-based profiler to create a profile of the boy.

9:48 a.m. The first of 300 students and their parents return to Skyline School to be interviewed by detectives. Fifty detectives are on-hand for interviews that continue until 4 p.m.

12:10 p.m. Relatives begin distributing missing person fliers with a photo of Kyron and this description: 3-feet, 8-inches tall, 50 pounds, blue eyes, brown hair. Last seen wearing black cargo pants, white socks and worn black Skechers tennis shoes with orange trim.

1:29 p.m. Neighbors stop by Brooks Hill Historic church, across the street from the school, to mull over the investigation. "This kind of thing is unheard of," says Jim Kelley, 50.

3:30 p.m. Carole Smith, superintendent of Portland Public Schools, appears at a news conference and outlines a series of immediate steps the district is taking to address security concerns in the wake of the second-grader's disappearance.

9 p.m. The Multnomah County sheriff escalates Kyron's disappearance to a missing endangered child case, but does not call it a kidnapping.

Monday, June 7

Early a.m. Eighteen certified search-and-rescue volunteers resume sweeping the area near the school as deputies canvass the neighborhood, handing out fliers and jotting down license plate numbers of passing vehicles along Northwest Skyline Boulevard.

8:30 a.m. The school district staffs a counseling hot line at 503-916-3931 to answer questions or offer help districtwide.

8:45 a.m. Classes resume at Skyline School. Counselors are on hand.

Evening: Kelly Ramirez, the sister of Kyron's birth mother, Desiree Young, issues a statement thanking the community on behalf of the family for their concern and support.

Tuesday, June 8

Early a.m. Search and rescue crews resume looking, checking locations identified by phone tips and investigative leads.

Noon: Authorities offer briefing. They do not accept questions.

9:25 p.m. A Facebook support group for Kyron, Missing Kyron Horman, announces the creation of a reward fund.

"We are now working on a Paypal acct which will directly take your donations to the "Kyron Horman Fund" at Chase Bank. It will take Paypal a day or so to verify the acct and become active. If you prefer to wait until that time we will then place a donation button on the main homepage we have provided. We will keep you informed as to when that will be. It is our hope that this reward fund will prompt someone with the information police need to return Kyron home. I am sure the outpouring of well wishes, prayers and love sent by all of you is helping Kyron's family through this very difficult time."

Wednesday, June 9

Early a.m. Search and rescue crews resume looking.

Morning Terri Moulton Horman makes her Facebook wall private.

11 a.m. FBI spokeswoman Beth Anne Steele says the Hormon family "is not speaking to the media because they do not believe it's in the best interest of finding Kyron."

Noon At a news briefing, Multnomah County sheriff's Capt. Mike Shults reads a statement from Kyron Horman's immediate family: "Kyron's family would like to thank people for support and interest in finding their son. The outpouring of support and continued effort strengthens their hope. We need for folks to continue to assist us in our goal. Please search your properties -- cars, out buildings, sheds, etc. Also check with neighbors and friends who may be on vacation or may need in assistance in searching. There are a lot of resources here to help you search, so please don't stop. It is obviously a difficult time and they want to speak to the public so you can hear it from Kyron's family as they come together to share their message. Their objective is to keep the focus on Kyron and not about anything else." 9:45 p.m. Portland Mountain Rescue receives a call from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office to join the search.

Thursday, June 10

Early a.m. Search and rescue crews resume looking.

11:30 a.m. A Facebook support group for Kyron, Missing Kyron Horman, announces an update to the creation of a reward fund. You may now make a secure donation to the Kyron Horman Fund via PayPal. To do so visit his ChildSeek Network homepage.

Friday, June 11Early a.m.  The search resumes

10 a.m. The search expands to Sauvie Island

1 p.m. For the first time, Kyron's family appears at a news conference.  Tony Young, Kyron's stepfather, says "We miss you, we love you and we need you home now."  He then thanks all the volunteers and the community for its outpouring of support.  He is followed by Kaine Horman, Kyron's father, who also talked about how grateful the family is to the community and searchers.

Saturday, June 12

Early a.m. The search resumes.

The sheriff's office asks the public to hold back on further donations of food, water and other supplies for searchers because of the "sheer volume of supplies received at this point."

Sunday, June 13

Early a.m. The search resumes.

Noon  The sheriff's office announces at a news briefing that the massive search for Kyron has ended and the case has been shifted to a criminal investigation. The search, which went on over 10 days, was one of the largest in state history, with more than 1,300 people from Oregon, Washington and Northern California looking for the boy. They checked a two-mile radius around Skyline School and also parts of Sauvie Island, which is about six miles from the school.

The sheriff's office also announces it is looking for any video footage of traffic on several different Portland-area roads in the general area near the school.

Finally, about 100 T-shirts with an image of Kyron's "missing" poster are distributed for free

Monday, June 14

While the large-scale search has ended, Multnomah County Sheriff's Office sends divers to Sauvie Island, where they can be seen wading in waist-high water off the banks of the Multnomah Channel north of the Sauvie Island Bridge.

Tuesday, June 15

Early a.m. The Multnomah County Sheriff's Office releases a photo of a pair of glasses that are just like the type Kyron was wearing when he was last seen.

8:45 a.m.  The final day of classes for the 2009-2010 school year begins at Skyline Elementary.

Noon  As a hail storm passes through the area, sheriff's Dive Team is spotted on a property near the Horman home.  A sheriff's spokeswoman says the search of a pond on the property is routine, however.

3 p.m. At the school, parents begin to pick up their children.  Among them is Beth Smith.

"I'm disappointed the year is over already because I think the kids need each other right now," said Smith, walking onto school grounds to pick up her 12-year-old daughter, who was Kyron's reading buddy.

3:36 p.m.  Multnomah County Sheriff's Office releases a new version of the photo of Kyron at his school science fair. This version, created using photo editing software, shows what Kyron would look like without his glasses. Throughout the day Thirty billboards with Kyron's picture and information begin to dot the metro area -- 10 in English, 10 in Spanish and 10 in Russian. The billboards were donated by Clear Channel.

Evening  A vigil for Kyron is scheduled at Sunset Presbyterian Church.

Thursday, June 17

All day Rumors fire up social media sites with posters claiming Kyron's body has been found.

Friday, June 18

Noon Multnomah County Sheriff's Office releases a flier, asking parents and kids about June 4. The flier has photos of Kyron, Terri Moulton Horman and a picture of a pickup similar to the one she was driving that day.

2 p.m. Capt. Jason Gates says at a new conference that family approves the flier. He dispels rumors that Kyron's body has been found.

8:30 p.m. A friend of Terri Horman tells The Oregonian that she will go through a second polygraph on Saturday.

Sunday, June 20

9 a.m. - 7 p.m. Multnomah County authorities collect fliers from parents at Skyline

Monday, June 21

Kyron Horman's mother Desiree Young writes open letter to son.    Tuesday, June 22

A Wall of Hope at Skyline was created as a tribute to Kyron Horman. School.

Thursday, June 24      Kyron Horman's family released three home movies and 200 new photos of the missing Portland second-grader.

Friday, June 25

Early morning Young and her ex-husband, Kaine Horman, appeared on four network morning shows to keep their son's story in the public eye. The two announced new details about the day 7-year-old Kyron Horman disappeared from school -- his father was working at home that afternoon and also met the boy's bus -- but they shed little light on the mystery of what happened to Kyron.

"It's like a portal opened up in the school and Kyron just vanished into it," said his mother, Desiree Young.

Saturday, June 26

5:17 p.m. The first of two 9-1-1 calls were made from the Horman residence off Northwest Sheltered Nook Road. The first call came in as a "threat" call. A sheriff's deputy responded.

11:39 p.m. A second call was made from the Horman residence. This call has been classified a "custody" issue.

At some point Kaine Horman moves out of the family home taking his 19-month old daughter with him.

Monday, June 28

Early morning The July 5th edition of People magazine begins to hit newsstands. The issue is the second to feature Kyron's story. Larry Moulton, Terri Horman's father, told the magazine that she's been subjected to repeated interviews of up to six hours each and that the truck she was driving the day Kyron disappeared has been inspected twice by police.When People asked him whether he thought his daughter would be arrested, he replied with tears in his eyes: "It's 50-50."

Afternoon Fox 12 reports that Kaine Horman had moved out of the family's Northwest Portland home and had taken his and Terri's 19-month-old daughter with him.

Later that afternoon Approached at her home in Northwest Portland by The Oregonian, Terri Horman denied a report by KPTV 12/Fox TV news that her husband and daughter had moved out. "Everything's good," she said, giving a thumbs up. "We heard that rumor. It's just a rumor that needs to be squelched. Everything's fine."

5:52 p.m. Kaine Horman, Desiree & Tony Young ask the Multnomah County Sheriff's office to release a statement stating they were cooperating with the investigation. Step-mom Terri Horman's name was absent from the statement. Shortly afterward, media outlets in Portland get tipped off that Terri Horman had been served with a restraining order and a petition for dissolution of marriage at the family's home.

Tuesday, June 29

A Multnomah County judge seals the restraining order against Terri Moulton Horman.

Wednesday, June 30

Terri Horman slipped past the crowd of reporters at the foot of her driveway and returned home at about 5:30 p.m., with prominent Portland criminal defense attorney Stephen Houze in tow. Houze stayed at the home for about an hour and later confirmed he was representing Terri.

Thursday, July 2  Helen Jung of The Oregonian reveals that the search and investigation into Kyron's disappearance has cost Multnomah County about $300,000 so far. Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton says all but one of his seven detectives are working on the case with another 14 investigators from other agencies. But as Kyron's disappearance hits the four-week anniversary and costs mount for the cash-strapped county, Staton could not say whether an arrest or resolution is coming any time soon -- nor how long the office can afford to sustain the effort. "Ultimately, if we are unable to find Kyron, this could turn into a cold case," Staton acknowledged in an exclusive interview with The Oregonian.

Sunday, July 4

Maxine Bernstein of The Oregonian reveals that a landscaper who worked for Kyron's family at their rural Northwest Portland home told authorities that the missing boy's stepmom offered to pay him to kill her husband.  He said Terri Moulton Horman approached him with the murder-for-hire plot six to seven months before Kyron disappeared. She reportedly offered the landscaper, who advertises his expertise in lawn care, a large sum of money to carry out the scheme.

Thursday, July 8

Kaine Horman asks judge to make Terri Horman move out of his house.

A Multnomah County judge releases the petition in support of Kaine Horman's restraining order against Terri Moulton Horman.

Monday, July 12

Criminal defense attorney, Stephen Houze,  notifies the court that Terri Horman will not contest her husband's restraining order or his push to force her out of their Portland home.

In a newly filed court document, Kaine Horman asks that his estranged wife, Terri Horman, be held in contempt, saying she violated a restraining order against her by starting a sexual relationship with one of his high school friends, sharing sealed legal information and trying to kidnap their daughter.

Friday, July 16

1:30 p.m.   In an out of court settlement, Terri Horman agrees to vacate the house on Northwest Sheltered Nook Road. She immediately left for Roseburg, where her parents have a home.  Her attorney sent employees to move items out of the house for her.

Saturday, July 17

With Terri Horman gone, Kaine and Kiara Horman return to their home on Northwest Sheltered Nook Rd.

Sunday, July 18

The Sunday Oregonian publishes a story by reporter Lynne Terry in which she talks to experts around the country about why the Kyron Horman case seems to have taken on a life of its own. "Thousands of children vanish every year. But there are many reasons the saga of this 7-year-old boy has fueled seemingly insatiable curiosity coast-to-coast," she writes.

Wednesday, July 21

Maxine Bernstein of The Oregonian reveals that law enforcement officials have been putting pressure on a small circle of friends of Terri Moulton Horman, including 43-year-old DeDe Spicher of Tualatin. Investigators searched Spicher's condominium in Tualatin last week, and have interviewed people who saw Spicher on June 4, the day Kyron disappeared. Spicher was a presence at the Horman house after Kyron's father, Kaine Horman, moved out and filed for divorce and a restraining order against Terri Horman in late June. She also was seen driving Terri Horman to and from her attorney's office in downtown Portland. Spicher is not the first person who has assisted Terri Horman in recent weeks to have been drawn into the investigation. Police also said Michael Cook, who was also seen at the Horman home after Kaine Horman moved out, has been interviewed by authorities. Cook was a high school friend of Kaine Horman who showed up at the couple's home after Kyron disappeared.

Thursday, July 22

Multnomah County commissioners approve a much pared-down $196,034 request for additional funding to help prosecutors continue their criminal investigation into the disappearance of Kyron. Sheriff Dan Staton tabled his request for $242,609 to hire a one-year investigative technician and to cover four months of overtime, from July through October, and will instead try to absorb the costs within his department's budget. If the costs exceed the budget, he'll return to the board this fall.

Friday, July 23  The Oregonian reports that detectives investigating the disappearance of Kyron have searched DeDe Spicher's condominium in Tualatin and have interviewed people who saw Spicher the day Kyron disappeared. Spicher was doing gardening work for a Northwest Portland homeowner June 4. She abruptly left the house about 11:30 a.m. and didn't return until an hour to 90 minutes later. Another person working at the home called Spicher to come in for lunch, and the homeowner called Spicher on her cell phone, but she wasn't reachable. Detectives have questioned both the homeowner and the other person who was working at the home that day.

Monday, July 26

Kaine Horman files a motion in court, asking a judge to order Terri Moulton Horman to disclose the source of the reported $350,000 she has paid to retain criminal defense attorney Stephen Houze. "If Respondent has provided funds to her attorneys for her legal representation and considers them to be marital liability, these funds are marital property and Respondent should be required to pay one-half of these funds to Petitioner to use for his attorney fees and costs," wrote Laura Rackner, Kaine's attorney. On the same day, DeDe Spicher, a close friend of Terri Horman's, appears before a Multnomah County grand jury at 11:20 a.m. in response to a subpoena. Later in the day, "Dateline NBC" casts another national spotlight on the search for the missing second-grader. The centerpiece of the hour-long program, titled "Little Boy Lost," is an emotional tour of the Medford home of Kyron's mother and stepfather, Desiree and Tony Young. Desiree Young shows an NBC reporter Kyron's bed, with Batman sheets and pillowcase still rumpled from the last time the 7-year-old visited them.

Tuesday, July 27

Multnomah County sheriff's officials announce they are increasing the reward for information about the disappearance of Kyron from $25,000 to $50,000. The announcement comes at a news conference at which Kyron's parents, Desiree Young and Kaine Horman and his stepdad, Tony Young stand behind sheriff's officials.

Wednesday, July 28

Citing intense media and police scrutiny, a lawyer representing Terri Horman files a motion to delay the divorce proceedings between her and Kaine Horman.

Week of August 2 - 6

Witnesses appear in Multnomah County Circuit Court facing subpoenas to answer questions before a grand jury regarding the disappearance of 7-year-old Kyron Horman. On August 2, Kyron's parents, Kaine Horman and Desiree Young, and stepdad Tony Young, testify. Later in the week, several friends of Terri Moulton Horman, as well as the principal of Skyline Elementary are also called.

Weekend of August 7 - 8

Searchers and investigators resumed a ground search for Kyron Horman. The search focuses on the 2.2-mile Old Germantown Road loop - not far from the home where DeDe Spicher, one of Terri Moulton Horman's friends - was gardening the day Kyron went missing.

Monday, August 9

Investigators continue the concentrated search along the 2.2-mile Northwest Old Germantown Road loop.  Meanwhile, a Multnomah County grand jury hears more testimony from witnesses. Called to appear are women and men who had worked out at the same gym as Kyron's stepmother.

Tuesday, August 10

Personal emails sent by Terri Moulton Horman detailing the day of Kyron's disappearance are obtained by various media organizations.

Wednesday, August 11

During a morning press conference investigators sought details about several possible sightings of the Horman family truck (PDF) including two different locations around Skyline school as well as at two west side Fred Meyer stores. Investigators appealed to the public for "investigative assistance and released staged photos of the truck at approximate locations.

3:04 p.m. Kaine Horman's lawyer, Laura Rackner, files court documents objecting to his estranged wife's request to delay divorce proceedings.  Rackner also submits a copy of a June 30 text message exchange between Terri Horman and Michael Cook in which Terri Horman reportedly cited that her attorney is costing $350,000.

Tuesday, August 17

Terri Moulton Horman's friend, DeDe Spicher, tells People Magazine she did not leave the 38-acre nursery where she was working the day Kyron Horman, 7, vanished.

Friday, August 20

In an exclusive story by Lynne Terry in The Oregonian, Kaine Horman and Desiree Young describe changes in Terri's behavior starting in 2005.  Terri Horman is depicted by former in-laws and a former roommate as a mix of contradictions, someone who's caring and controlling, self-centered and giving, demanding and short-tempered.

Wednesday, August 25

3:00 p.m. Terri Moulton Horman appears in court accompanied by her lawyers.  Horman's divorce lawyer, Peter Bunch, files a legal memo, arguing that Terri Horman can't proceed at this time to protect her rights to property, custody and parenting time because she is a "de facto suspect" in the disappearance of Kyron and at the center of a police investigation.

Beth Nakamura/The OregonianKaine Horman helps workers assemble the Wall of Hope near the Tualatin Valley Fire & Rescue fire station on Northwest Skyline Boulevard near Skyline School.
Tuesday, September 7

10:00 a.m. Kaine Horman joins with volunteers and friends to re-erect the Wall of Hope in honor of Kyron. The chain link wall with cards, messages, and rubber frogs for Kyron was moved from Skyline School last month to avoid disturbing returning students. The wall is now on a field in front of Tualatin Valley Fire & Rescue fire station 368 on Northwest Skyline Boulevard near Skyline School.

Wednesday, September 8

Kaine Horman voluntarily agrees to drop his motion to find his estranged wife, Terri Moulton Horman, in contempt of court stemming from the alleged sharing of a sealed restraining order.

Thursday, September 9

The parents of Kyron Horman honor his eighth birthday today with chocolate cake, music, and heartfelt cards.

Wednesday, September 15

4:00 p.m. Multnomah County Sheriff's Office announces a shift in a way they are staffing the case. With costs topping $1 million, Sheriff Dan Staton said it's time to scale down the investigation to a task force of eight to 10 detectives, compared with as many as 25 on any one day previously.

Tuesday, September 21

Clear Channel begins to gradually take down the Kyron Horman billboards.

Weekend of October 2-3

For the first time in months search and rescue personnel from multiple jurisdictions return to Sauvie Island looking for any clues in the disappearance of Kyron Horman. Multnomah County Sherriff's office spokeswoman Lt. Mary Lindstrand did not comment on what searchers were looking for or if anything was found during the large ground search.

Thursday, October 7

At 9 a.m., Terri Moulton Horman, Kaine Horman and their attorneys arrive in downtown Portland for a court hearing to decide whether to delay their divorce proceedings during the ongoing criminal investigation into the disappearance of Kyron Horman.  About 1:30 p.m., Judge Keith Meisenheimer rules to delay the divorce case until January 2011. The judge cites Terri Horman's Fifth Amendment right to avoid testifying in a manner that might implicate her in a crime.

Weekend of October 9-10

Approximately 180 searchers return to Sauvie Island to look for Kyron Horman for the second consecutive weekend.

Wednesday, October 13

Terri Moulton Horman petitions the court to give her visitation rights to daughter Kiara Horman.

Thursday, October 14

The Multnomah County Board of Commissioners grants Sheriff Dan Staton $209,656 to cover overtime and the salary of a temporary investigative technician for the Kyron Horman investigation.

Thursday, October 21

Kaine Horman files an objection to his estranged wife's motion for visitation rights with daughter Kiara. Kaine wants a mental health evaluation of Terri Moulton Horman before allowing her parenting time with their young daughter.   Monday, October 25

Kaine Horman, who is fighting Terri Horman's push to have time with her daughter Kiara, submits an affidavit and exhibits to support his counterclaim. Kaine Horman argued in court files that his estranged wife, Terri Moulton Horman, is an "emotionally disturbed individual focused on her own needs rather than the needs of Kiara or my missing Kyron."

Friday, October 29

Terri Moulton Horman's attorneys respond to the court affidavit filed by Kaine Horman four days ago.  In the motion,Terri Horman's attorneys say Kaine Horman is focused on his wife's destruction rather than their daughter's best interests.

The motion calls Kaine's filings "vicious in its tone and content" intended to "vilify" the mother with "incendiary tactics" to "completely destroy and sabotage the mother/child relationship" to the "utter detriment" of his daughter.

Tuesday, November 2

Terri Moulton Horman withdraws motion seeking parenting time with daughter Kiara.

Weekend of November 13-14

Dive teams from the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office return to  Sauvie Island on searching for signs of Kyron Horman.

Monday, November 15

For the first time since Kyron Horman disappeared on June 4, the united front that has been presented by his birth parents shows fractures. Desiree Young appears on NBC's Today Show and accuses of Terri Moulton Horman of having a "severe hatred" of Kyron.  She also says she feels that Kaine Horman, her ex-husband and Kyron's father has made some bad choices: "I just can't stand by and support the choices that he's making". Hours later, Kaine Horman stands at the Wall of Hope to talk to reporters about court filings in his divorce case against Terri Horman. He responds to Dersiree's comments by saying that he has never withheld information and never felt that his estranged wife posed a threat to Kyron.

Friday, December 10

At the request of the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office,  the Skyline School principal emails a flier to its parents and staff. Sheriff Dan Staton said the flier is to double-check that law enforcement has interviewed everyone who was at the school when Kyron was last seen.

2011

Sunday, January 30

Jamie Francis/The Oregonian01/29/2011-- Portland -- Multnomah County Sheriff's Deputy Mark Herron on Skyline Drive Saturday near one of the areas where officials will renew their search Sunday for Kyron Horman. The Multnomah County Sheriff's office told The Oregonian that they will search two areas in the Skyline Drive and Dixie Mountain Road areas for clues in the seven-month-old Kyron Horman case.
Authorities resume the search for Kyron but shift it to an area in the forested hills west of Sauvie Island.  They say that have new and "very specific reasons"  About 50 searchers and seven cadaver-detecting dogs were employed. They set a goal of scouring the rural areas north and west of Portland -- crossing from Multnomah County into corners of Washington and Columbia counties. The search area focused on several parcels of private property, mostly logging land, along Northwest Skyline Boulevard -- between Rocky Point Road and Logie Trail Road -- and around the Dixie Mountain area. Nothing was found.

February

This month following a review of the local task force's nearly nine-month investigation the FBI dedicates up to six agents to help with the criminal investigation into the disappearance of Kyron Horman.

Saturday, February 13

Desiree Young sends out a press release which includes a Valentine to Kyron Horman. She says the holiday will be a tough one, just as the others have since her son went missing. The Valentine to Kyron says:,"there's a hole in my heart that will not be fixed until you come home."

Weekend of March 26 - 27Searchers returned to a stretch of Northwest Skyline Road, south of Rocky Point Road  and a gravel road further north in the Dixie Mountain area to continue searching for Kyron, as they couldn't cover the full area in January.  Wednesday, March 30

Horman divorce hearing is delayed until June 30.
Thursday, June 2
Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton says the formal Kyron task force will disband as of July 1, 2011, but that a lead detective from the office will continue to work full-time investigating the now yearlong disappearance of Kyron Horman with help from the FBI, state Department of Justice and county prosecutors.
Friday, August 26

Thursday, June 2

Multnomah County Sheriff Dan Staton says the formal Kyron task force will disband as of July 1, 2011, but that a lead detective from the office will continue to work full-time investigating the now yearlong disappearance of Kyron Horman with help from the FBI, state Department of Justice and county prosecutors.

Friday, August 26

A group of volunteers moves the Wall of Hope, a makeshift memorial to the missing boy who turns 9 in two weeks, to a grassy spot by The Xtreme Edge Gym on Northwest Cornell Road in Beaverton, where his father frequently works out.

2012

Friday, June 1

With no indictment or arrest in the two-year disappearance, the boy's mother turns to civil court, filing a lawsuit that contends Kyron's stepmother kidnapped the boy and asks a judge to compel her to bring him back or divulge where his body was taken.

View full sizeThe National Center for Missing and Exploited ChildrenKyron Horman, left, in a family photograph approximately two years ago when he was 7. At right, an age-progressed photograph showing what he might look like now.
The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children releases an age-progressed digital photograph of the Skyline Elementary School student who vanished two years before at age 7. Computer technicians at the center worked on the age-progressed drawing of Kyron, depicting what he should look like at age 9 based on family photos.
Desiree Young, Kyron's mom, and Kaine Horman have reviewed the drawing, and on Monday it was posted on the center's website.

The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children releases an age-progressed digital photograph of the Skyline Elementary School student who vanished two years before at age 7. Computer technicians at the center worked on the age-progressed drawing of Kyron, depicting what he should look like at age 9 based on family photos.

2013Tuesday, July 30

Desiree Young drops civil suit against Terri Horman
Kyron Horman's mother, Desiree Young, announced today that she would drop her civil suit against Terri Horman, Kyron's stepmother.




Desiree Young withdraws her civil suit against Terri Moulton Horman. She had filed the lawsuit accusing Horman of kidnapping the boy and demanded that the court compel Horman to return him or reveal where his body is. It sought $10 million in damages. A judge had previously delayed the lawsuit, saying it could affect an ongoing criminal investigation. Young and her lawyer said they didn't want to impede the case.
Tuesday, September 17
 The long divorced parents of missing Kyron Horman, who had not met or spoken for nearly three years, air their differences on the Dr. Phil show.
Tuesday, December 31

Desiree Young withdraws her civil suit against Terri Moulton Horman. She had filed the lawsuit accusing Horman of kidnapping the boy and demanded that the court compel Horman to return him or reveal where his body is. It sought $10 million in damages. A judge had previously delayed the lawsuit, saying it could affect an ongoing criminal investigation. Young and her lawyer said they didn't want to impede the case.

Tuesday, September 17

The long divorced parents of missing Kyron Horman, who had not met or spoken for nearly three years, air their differences on the Dr. Phil show.

Tuesday, December 31

A Multnomah County judge finalized the divorce of Kaine Horman and Terri Moulton Horman on Tuesday, days before the two were set to go to trial. The couple married in April 2007 -- more than six years ago. Kaine Horman filed for divorce on June 28, 2010 -- 24 days after Kyron was last seen.

2014
 Tuesday, June 3
 Kaine Horman is awarded the custody of his daughter, Kiara, and ex-wife Terri Moulton Horman gets strictly supervised visits with the girl under a detailed "reintegration plan,'' according to a settlement.
Monday, August 4

Tuesday, June 3

Kaine Horman is awarded the custody of his daughter, Kiara, and ex-wife Terri Moulton Horman gets strictly supervised visits with the girl under a detailed "reintegration plan,'' according to a settlement.

Monday, August 4

A judge denies Terri Moulton Horman's request for a name change. Horman had filed a petition in Douglas County on June 30 to change her name to Claire Stella Sullivan. She says she wants to avoid what she called the "stigma" of the Horman name, but the judge cites the ongoing criminal investigation in denying her.

Thursday, August 14

It is reported that Terri Moulton Horman spoke publicly about Kyron for the first time since shortly after he vanished more than four years before. During comments to the judge during her name-change hearing, she said, "He needs to be found. I love my son. I want him home more than anything."

Wednesday, November 26

Four months after being denied a name change in Douglas County, Terri Moulton Horman files another petition to change her name, this time in Lane County court, and this time to Claire Kisiel.

Tuesday, December 2
 More than 1,000 readers weigh in on a nonscientific poll asking if Terri Moulton Horman should be allowed to change her name. Almost 68 percent say yes, because she hasn't been charged with any crimes and she says she fears for her safety under her current name and hasn't been able to get a job for four years.
Wednesday, December 10

More than 1,000 readers weigh in on a nonscientific poll asking if Terri Moulton Horman should be allowed to change her name. Almost 68 percent say yes, because she hasn't been charged with any crimes and she says she fears for her safety under her current name and hasn't been able to get a job for four years.

Wednesday, December 10

A hearing on the name change is canceled after she withdraws the petition. Opponents circulate on Facebook a petition to challenge it, gaining more than 3,000 signatures.

2015
 Friday, February 6
It is reported that Terri Horman landed a job as a caregiver in Eugene with the Shangri-La Corp., which provides residential care for adults suffering from mental illness. The company says Horman applied for a Mental Health Support Specialist position in November under the alias of Terri Moulton, the last name of her adoptive parents. The company said she was "forthright with Shangri-La about her alternate names in her application, and her state-approved criminal history check was processed using all reported aliases." After that review, plus an interview, a Department of Motor Vehicle check, reference review and drug test, "she was determined to be a technically-qualified applicant and was hired for the position."
Friday, February 20
The Shangri-La Corp. reports that Horman has left her job as a caregiver for nonprofit. A statement says she quit her job because she "recognized the impact her employment had" on the nonprofit since it had been made public. An official says Horman performed her job to their expectations and "showed compassion to people with special needs."
Thursday, May 28

Friday, February 6

It is reported that Terri Horman landed a job as a caregiver in Eugene with the Shangri-La Corp., which provides residential care for adults suffering from mental illness. The company says Horman applied for a Mental Health Support Specialist position in November under the alias of Terri Moulton, the last name of her adoptive parents. The company said she was "forthright with Shangri-La about her alternate names in her application, and her state-approved criminal history check was processed using all reported aliases." After that review, plus an interview, a Department of Motor Vehicle check, reference review and drug test, "she was determined to be a technically-qualified applicant and was hired for the position."

Friday, February 20

The Shangri-La Corp. reports that Horman has left her job as a caregiver for nonprofit. A statement says she quit her job because she "recognized the impact her employment had" on the nonprofit since it had been made public. An official says Horman performed her job to their expectations and "showed compassion to people with special needs."

Thursday, May 28

As the fifth anniversary of Kyron's disappearance approaches, the Multnomah County Sheriff's Office publicizes its ongoing $50,000 reward for information that leads to his discovery.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our
            User Agreement (updated 5/25/18) and
            Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement (updated 5/25/18).

© 2018  Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
            The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the 
            prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules
            apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

Your California Privacy Rights

Ad Choices