Thursday, June 4, marks 10 years since Kyron Horman was last seen at Skyline School. At 7:30 p.m. today, his family will honor him with a candlelight vigil and balloon release at Brooks Hill Historic Church, 11539 N.W. Skyline Blvd.

Kyron was a 7-year-old in second grade when he arrived at school early with his stepmother Terri Horman to tour the school science fair. The last time anyone reportedly saw him was Friday, June 4, 2010.

The ensuing search was considered the biggest in Oregon history. No one has been charged in his disappearance, but the case remains open.

This June, Kyron would have graduated from high school with the class of 2020.

“All of the markers are really hard,” his mother Desiree Young said Wednesday. "The fact that I don’t get to be a part of that, it makes me angry. Someone took that away from us and it’s not right.”

Kyron Horman, missing 10 years: A timeline

Kyron Horman was last seen at Skyline School 10 years ago. His family continues to mourn his loss and search for him.

Multnomah County Sheriff Mike Reese in a statement Wednesday said, “Kyron Horman’s disappearance continues to have a profound impact on our community.

“We remain just as dedicated to this investigation as we did ten years ago," he continued. “In collaboration with our Major Crimes Team partners, the Multnomah County District Attorney’s Office and the FBI, we are pursuing all investigative leads and will continue to do so until Kyron is located.”

On Wednesday, Desiree Young said, “Ten years is hard. I hope we aren’t here in a year."

“I want Terri to do the right thing and I want her to end this torture,” she added. “We just want to bring Kyron home.”

The Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office asks anyone with information about Kyron’s disappearance to call the MCSO TipLine at 503-988-0560.

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

When will Oregon’s days start getting longer?Dec. 2, 2024, 3:24 p.m.

What is ‘brain rot,’ Oxford ‘Word’ of the Year 2024?Dec. 3, 2024, 8:09 p.m.

-- Lizzy Acker

503-221-8052, lacker@oregonian.com, @lizzzyacker

Subscribe to Oregonian/OregonLive newsletters and podcasts for the latest news and top stories.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices