Law enforcement investigating the disappearance of 7-year-old

have been putting pressure on a small circle of friends of his stepmom

, including a 43-year-old Tualatin woman named DeDe Spicher.

Investigators searched Spicher's condominium in Tualatin last week, and have interviewed people who saw Spicher on June 4, the day Kyron disappeared.

Spicher was a visible presence at the Horman house after Kyron's father, Kaine Horman, moved out and filed for divorce and a restraining order against Terri Horman in late June. She also was seen driving Terri Horman to and from her attorney's office in downtown Portland.

Detectives learned that Spicher, who shares Terri Horman's passion for fitness and gardening, was doing gardening work for a Northwest Portland homeowner on June 4. She abruptly left the house about 11:30 a.m. and didn't return until an hour to 90 minutes later.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

Another person working at the home called Spicher to come in for lunch, and the homeowner called Spicher on her cell phone but she wasn't reachable. Detectives have questioned both the homeowner and the other person who was working at the home that day.

Messages left for Spicher and her parents were not returned Thursday.

Kyron, a second-grader at Skyline School, was last seen at the school the morning of June 4. Terri Horman has told authorities she last saw him walking toward his classroom about 8:45 a.m. She had taken him to school earlier that morning for the school's science fair. The  boy was not reported missing until after school when he didn't return home on the school bus.

In a statement late tonight,

and Kyron's mother,

, and Desiree's husband, Tony Young, said they had been briefed by law enforcement and believe Spicher is hampering the investigation. They implored her to cooperate.

"She has not only been in close communication with Terri but has been providing Terri with support and advice that is not in the best interests of our son,'' the statement said. "Additional information provided shows that she is refusing to cooperate with law enforcement, she is also going as far as to suggest to others that may have information regarding Kyron's disappearance, not to cooperate as well.''

Spicher's next-door neighbor Kyle Gilpin said he came home about 5:30 p.m. last Thursday, and saw two law enforcement cars parked nearby and men wearing FBI jackets at Spicher's condo in Tualatin.

"They were in and out of her condo," Gilpin said.

Spicher has served as the president of the condo association, and since April, was selected to work for Portland "Grocery Gardening" author Jean Ann Van Krevelen's "Gardener to Farmer" Edible Gardening apprenticeship, learning gardening and cooking skills with the opportunity to take home a share of the harvest.

Spicher is not the first person who has assisted Terri Horman in recent weeks to have been drawn into the investigation.

Police said Michael Cook, who was also seen at the Horman home after Kaine Horman moved out, has been interviewed by authorities. Cook was a high school friend of Kaine Horman who showed up at the couple's home after Kyron disappeared.

In a court filing seeking to hold Terri Horman in contempt of a judge's order that initially sealed the restraining order, Kaine Horman's attorney wrote that Terri Horman showed the restraining order to Cook, who took photos of it and did a Google map search of the temporary address where Kaine Horman had moved with his and Terri Horman's young daughter. Kaine Horman moved out June 26 after authorities informed him that Terri Horman had allegedly tried to hire a landscaper late last year to kill him.

Authorities examined Cook's cell phone, found a photo of the restraining order and evidence that Terri Horman had been "sexting" him days after her husband filed for divorce, according to a court filing.

Jack Levin, a criminology professor and co-director of Northeastern University's Brudnick Center on Violence and Conflict, said the fact that authorities are now looking for evidence from friends associated with Kyron's stepmom indicates that either they suspect that if Terri Horman was involved in Kyron's disappearance she may have had help, or shared information with a friend or they are "grasping at straws" because they have a suspicion but no clear evidence or a confession.

"I don't think it's so unusual for friends to help one another in a time of need, especially to come to the rescue of someone who has been accused in the court of public opinion of possibly doing something horrendous," Levin said.

Here is the full statement from Kaine Horman, Desiree Young and Tony Young:

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

December gardening guide: It’s time to prepare for an Oregon winterNov. 28, 2024, 9:00 a.m.

Asking Eric: Worried mom contemplates who will care for psychologically disabled adult son after she diesNov. 29, 2024, 3:02 a.m.

--

Oregonian Staff Writers Michael Russell, Lynne Terry and Lynne Palombo contributed to this story.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices