Attorneys for

and

alerted a Multnomah County judge about 1:30 p.m. today that they have settled out of court the question of when Terri will move out of their home.

She agreed to vacate the house on Northwest Sheltered Nook Road by 3 p.m. Saturday, but sources said she apparently left Friday for Roseburg, where her parents have a home.

A hearing to address the timing of her move that was scheduled this afternoon has been canceled.

, Kaine's lawyer, Laura Rackner, told the court her client needed to get back into their rural Northwest Portland immediately so he can return their daughter, 20-month-old Kiara, "back where she belongs," and so he can prepare to return to his job at Intel to support his family.

"He's the mother and father now," Rackner said.

Rackner also cited her client's safety concerns, noting that Kaine Horman is not sure with whom Terri Horman shared his temporary address. She argued that he needs to get back in his home, recode the electric entrance gate, change locks, check mail, buy groceries, and find childcare for Kiara, Rackner said.

Stephen Houze, Terri's lawyer, had urged the court to give his client until Monday afternoon. He said his client had agreed to leave the home, and was working with attorneys to make sure Kiara and Kaine had the necessary possessions they needed.

"It is simply a matter of logistics," Houze said. "It is not a simple matter to pick up everything and simply be gone."

»

»

»

»

He also said Terri Horman has been the subject of threats, considering what he called the "media frenzy" and "witchhunt" aimed at his client. He said there's been "threats of harm routinely directed towards my client, which I take very seriously."

In typical restraining order cases, Multnomah County Circuit Court Judge Keith Meisenheimer said the child normally stays in the home with the parent who retains custody. In this case, Terri Horman is not contesting the restraining order, which prevents her from any parenting time with her daughter.

Kaine Horman left the house with their daughter on June 26 after investigators told him that Terri Horman had solicited her landscaper to kill him in an alleged murder-for-hire plot six to seven months before his 7-year-old son

disappeared from Skyline School after a school science fair on June 4.

In court papers seeking a restraining order against his wife, Kaine Horman said he believes his wife is involved in the disappearance of his son.

Terri Horman, 40, has not been charged with any crime.

--

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices