PORTLAND, Ore. (KPTV) - The family and community will be holding a fundraiser car wash this weekend to support the ongoing search for Kyron Horman, a boy who has been missing from Portland since June 2010.

The fundraiser will be held at Les Schwab at 15825 Southwest Walker Road on Saturday and Sunday from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.

Horman’s family hope to hire a private investigator to continue the search for their missing son.

Sunday marks the 13-year anniversary of the disappearance of Horman. Horman was last seen at Skyline Elementary School on June 4, 2010, attending his school’s science fair. He was 7 years old at the time.

Kyron’s mom hasn’t given up hope.

“My life didn’t move on. My mission stays the same and until I get to bring Kyron home, I just keep fighting for him,” Desiree Young, Kyron’s mom said. “The new sheriff is very energetic and dedicated and she’s done a lot of things in the short amount of time she’s been with us. I’m really hopeful that it’s her who gets to bring it to the finish line.”

Young says she thinks about Kyron every day.

“It’s a rollercoaster every day. Driving up here I was listening to a song and it’s one of Kyron’s songs and it makes me cry every time. I wish that we could dance to it again together. I will always hope that he’s going to call me,” she said.

Authorities released a new age progression photo of Horman on Thursday.

Horman was wearing a black t-shirt with “CSI” in green letters and a hand-print graphic, black cargo pants, white socks and black Sketchers with orange trim on the day he disappeared. He has brown hair, blue eyes and wears glasses. He has a distinct V-shaped strawberry birthmark on his forehead.

“Kyron’s disappearance continues to have a profound impact on our community. The case remains open and active. Investigators are using advances in software, digital forensics, and geospatial technology to support and advance their work. In collaboration with our Major Crimes Team partners, the Multnomah County District Attorney’s Office and the FBI, detectives are pursuing all legitimate investigative leads and will continue to do so until Kyron is located,” the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office said in a release.

A $50,000 reward is available for information leading to the resolution of Horman’s disappearance.

Anyone who has information relevant to the investigation can contact the sheriff’s office tip line at 503-988-0560, emailing MCSOTipLine@mcso.us, or contacting the NCMEC TipLine at 1-800-THE-LOST or providing an online tip at the NCMEC CyberTipLine.

Copyright 2023 KPTV-KPDX. All rights reserved.