has filed a motion in court this morning, asking a judge to order his estranged wife,

, to disclose the source of the reportedly $350,000 she has paid to retain criminal defense attorney Stephen Houze.

"If Respondent has provided funds to her attorneys for her legal representation and considers them to be marital liability, these funds are marital property and Respondent should be required to pay one-half of these funds to Peitioner to use for his attorney fees and costs," wrote Laura Rackner, Kaine's attorney.

The motion says Terri Horman told a third party in a "written communication" that she paid $350,000 to retain Houze.

Houze, Terri Horman's attorney, declined comment.

Also today, DeDe Spicher, a close friend of Terri Moulton Horman who was a visible presence beside her after Kaine Horman left the house and obtained a restraining order, appeared before a Multnomah County grand jury at 11:20 a.m. this morning in response to a subpoena, her lawyer Chad Stavley confirmed.

Spicher appeared very briefly, but is expected to return before the grand jury for a more extensive session at a later date, Stavley said. Stavley could not accompany his client as the proceedings are closed and secret.

"It's just an investigative grand jury,'' Stavley said. "Today was a preliminary, very short session. I anticipate she'll be back in front of the jury sometime in the future.''

Spicher wasn't called in until sometime after 11:20 a.m., and was done before noon, her lawyer said.

Stavley also disputed allegations that Kaine Horman and Desiree Young made last Thursday, contending that Spicher was impeding the investigation by not cooperating and advising others not to talk to law enforcement.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

"Well, the fact of the matter is she has been cooperating,'' Spicher's lawyer said. "She met with detectives in the case for three-and-a-half hours, and has had several follow-up conversations with detectives. She's cooperated fully. And frankly, the suggestion that she has urged others not to cooperate is absolutely false.''

Among the questions detectives have had for Spicher, who shares Terri Horman's passion for gardening and fitness, was her whereabouts on June 4, the day 7-year-old

disappeared from Skyline School.

Spicher was doing gardening work for a homeowner in the Northwest section of Portland, and abruptly left about 11:30 a.m., when the homeowner and another person working at the home were ready to sit down for lunch. The homeowner tried calling Spicher on her cell phone, but got no answer, and Spicher returned to the house about an hour to 90 minutes later, detectives were told.

Court Filing

In his court filing this morning, Kaine Horman, a software engineer at Intel Corp., argues that the divorce and restraining order proceedings involve "complex legal and safety issues" that require his attorneys to expend a significant amount of legal services to protect his and Kiara's interests.

He argues that he doesn't have sufficient income or resources to pay for his attorneys and meet his other financial obligations for the children and himself.

The filing is the latest legal maneuvering by Kaine Horman as the investigation into the June 4 disappearance of his 7-year-old son Kyron stretches into its eighth week. Kyron was last seen at his Skyline School that morning, and his stepmom is the last known person to have seen him after taking him to the school science fair.

Kaine Horman left their home on Northwest Sheltered Nook Road with their young daughter, Kiara, now 20 months old, on June 26 after authorities told him that his wife six to seven months earlier had tried to hire a landscaper to kill him.

Two days later, Kaine Horman filed for divorce, and a restraining order against Terri Horman, restricting her from any parenting time with Kiara.

He successfully pushed to get her out of the house he owned as soon as possible, and has a pending motion to find her in contempt of court, saying she shared a sealed restraining order with a high school friend of his, Michael Cook, who showed up at their house after Kyron disappeared.  The contempt of court filing also claimed Terri Horman was "sexting" Cook and having an intimate relationship with him, days after Kaine Horman left the house.

Terri Horman left their house and moved to her parent's house in Roseburg.

A hearing on the contempt of court motion is still set for Sept. 21.

Rackner asks the court to set a hearing date if Terri Horman contests her latest motion to have her pay Kaine Horman to help cover his legal expenses, and disclose the source of any money used to pay her attorney.

Portland family law attorney Dan Margolin said that generally the issue of attorney fees is worked out at the end of divorce proceedings.  As part of divorce cases, Margolin said, statutory asset restraining orders are entered, restricting either spouse from spending funds that the other party has an interest in, beyond normal living expenses, Margolin said.

Margolin added, "So she's probably asking for some amount of spousal support, and if she were, he's saying, 'Why would you need any if you have $350,000 to pay for an attorney? Where's this money coming from?' ''

--

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices