Kaine Horman has been awarded the custody of his daughter, Kiara, and ex-wife Terri Moulton Horman will have strictly supervised visits with the girl under a detailed "reintegration plan,'' according to a settlement signed Tuesday.

The plan calls for Kiara Ariel Horman, 5, to be enrolled in counseling with a developmental specialist "willing to facilitate the child's relationship with Mother,'' the settlement said.

Terri Horman's initial contact will the couple's daughter will be through an exchange of letters and cards, progress to videoconferencing and then supervised visits. The visits will not exceed twice a month.

The settlement was reached a week before the two parents were set to argue for custody before a Multnomah County Circuit Court judge and a day before the fourth anniversary of  the disappearance of Kaine Horman's son, 7-year-old Kyron Horman.

Kaine Horman filed for divorce on June 28, 2010 -- 24 days after Kyron was last seen at Skyline School in rural Northwest Portland. The boy disappeared after Terri Horman, his stepmother, took him to an early morning science fair at the school on June 4, 2010.

Kiara was a toddler then. Terri Horman hasn't seen her since shortly after her stepson vanished, barred by a restraining order filed by Kaine Horman and later by a civil order. Kaine Horman moved out of their home and filed for the restraining order after he said investigators alerted him that Terri Horman had solicited a landscaper to kill him months before Kyron's disappearance.

No arrests have been made in the boy's disappearance or in the alleged murder-for-hire plot. Investigators have found no sign of Kyron. The parents' divorce was finalized this past New Year's Eve.

Under the custody settlement, Terri Horman is to participate in parent training with a "knowledgeable instructor.''

A professional supervisor will set detailed expectations for "rules, boundaries and safeguards'' of Terri Horman's visits with Kiara to allow for "structured and sensitive contact,"  according to the court documents released Wednesday.

Oversight of Terri Horman's reunification with her daughter will be managed by a parent coordinator named Billie Bell, who was appointed with both parents' agreement. The cost of the  coordinator will be divided equally between Terri Horman and Kaine Horman, the court records said. Bell shall be appointed to start serving as parent coordinator within 45 days of the settlement.

Terri Horman's initial contact with Kiara will be limited to one to two hours before progressing to longer visits "as warranted by Kiara's response,'' the settlement said.

Frequency of the mother-daughter visits will not exceed two a month "to minimize disruption to Kiara's regular activities and daily routines.'' Other accommodations will be made for special events and holidays, according to the court records.

"Although Mother's involvement with Kiara should remain supervised until she is available to participate in direct assessment of her psychological functioning and parenting capacity, her access may extend to community visits if the arrangement is in Kiara's best interests,'' the settlement says.

As part of Kiara's counseling, the sessions shall also address "Kyron's status, blended family issues and kindergarten transition.'' Kiara is set to start kindergarten at Skyline School in the fall. Her father is expected to select a counselor for his daughter within 60 days of the settlement order.

The fact that Kaine Horman has been awarded sole custody of their daughter does not prevent Terri Horman from inspecting and consulting with staff of the school Kiara attends, "to inspect and receive governmental agency and law enforcement records concerning the child,'' consult with her doctors or authorize health care for the child, or apply to be the girl's "conservator, guardian ad litem or both,'' the court records say.

But Terri Horman is still prohibited from entering or getting within 150 feet of Kaine Horman's and Kiara's home on Northwest Sheltered Nook Road in Portland, his office at Intel Corp. in Hillsboro, The Edge Gym where he works out, or Skyline Elementary School.

Further, Terri and Kaine Horman are not allowed within 150 feet of each other, except as recommended by the parent reunification coordinator.

If both parents arrive at a store or event, the second to arrive must immediately leave, they've been instructed.

Terri Horman also is prohibited from entering or removing Kiara from her current or future day-care provider or future school.

The settlement was signed by Multnomah County Circuit Court Judge Henry Kantor, Kaine Horman's lawyer Brett Engel and Terri Horman's lawyer Peter Bunch on Tuesday.

--Maxine Bernstein

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices