Desiree Young, second from left, speaks during a news conference in Northwest Portland on June 4, 2019 on the nine-year anniversary of the disappearance of her son, Kyron Horman. (Everton Bailey Jr./The Oregonian.)

As the 10-year anniversary of Kyron Horman’s disappearance approaches, a writer has published a book about the search for the Portland boy.

A Facebook page dedicated to the search for Kyron, who was 7 years old when he went missing, announced the publication of “Boy Missing: The Search for Kyron Horman.” The book was written by true crime writer Rebecca Morris and includes interviews of several people, including Horman’s mother Desiree Young. In the book, Young focuses her suspicions on Horman’s stepmother Terri Moulton Horman, the last known person to see him alive.

Police never made any arrests in the case, but have said it is still open. Last year, on the ninth anniversary of Horman’s disappearance, his mother told reporters that investigators had narrowed the search for her son to an area of less than 100 acres.

Horman was last seen June 4, 2010, as his stepmother dropped him off at Skyline School in Northwest Portland to take part in a science fair. He never arrived at class, and was later reported missing when he didn’t return home. The boy’s disappearance prompted the largest search-and-rescue operation in Oregon history.

Read more:

Case of Kyron Horman will be featured on ‘In Pursuit With John Walsh’

Wednesday's Investigation Discovery series, "In Pursuit With John Walsh," will focus on Kyron Horman, who's been missing since 2010, though no arrests have been made in the case.

—Jayati Ramakrishnan; 503-221-4320; jramakrishnan@oregonian.com; @JRamakrishnanOR

Subscribe to Oregonian/OregonLive newsletters and podcasts for the latest news and top stories.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices