The National Center for Missing and Exploited Children provided this age-progressed photo of Kyron Horman to show what he might look like in 2023. He disappeared in 2010 at age 7.

It’s been 13 years since 7-year-old Kyron Horman disappeared from Portland’s Skyline Elementary School, spurring the largest search-and-rescue operation in Oregon history.

As the anniversary of the boy’s vanishing approaches on Sunday, the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office has released an updated image of what Kyron might look like as a 20-year-old man, and they’re reminding the public of a $50,000 reward for information leading to a resolution of the case.

Horman disappeared from Northwest Portland’s Skyline Elementary on June 4, 2010, after stepmother Terri Moulton Horman took him that morning to tour a school science fair. Kyron did not report to his homeroom and has not been seen since that morning.

A timeline of Kyron Horman's disappearance

Kyron Horman was last seen at Skyline School 10 years ago. His family continues to mourn his loss and search for him.

Kaine Horman, the boy’s father, discovered that afternoon that Kyron wasn’t on the school bus. In the days and then months that followed, the FBI, the Portland Police Bureau and the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office conducted exhaustive searches with assistance from volunteer search-and-rescue teams. Kyron has never been found.

He was wearing a black T-shirt with “CSI” in green letters and a hand-print graphic, black cargo pants and black Skechers sneakers with orange trim on the day he went missing. He had a distinct V-shaped strawberry birthmark on his forehead.

The National Center for Missing and Endangered Children produced the age-progressed image of Kyron. It depicts a young man with light brown hair and blue eyes covered by rectangle-shaped glasses.

RECOMMENDED•oregonlive.com

Bowl or bust: Oregon State Beavers football at No. 11 Boise State Broncos previewNov. 28, 2024, 10:00 a.m.

Rewinding Oregon State football’s loss to No. 11 Boise State: Live updates recapNov. 29, 2024, 11:00 a.m.

Police are asking anyone with information relevant to the boy’s disappearance to contact the Multnomah County Sheriff’s Office by calling the tip line at 503-988-0560 or by emailing MCSOTipLine@mcso.us.

— Nick Gibson; ngibson@oregonian.com; 971-393-8259; @newsynicholas

Our journalism needs your support. Please become a subscriber today at OregonLive.com/subscribe

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices