Law enforcement working on the 10-week-old case of missing 7-year-old

appealed to the public Wednesday for "investigative 
assistance" to help nail down who else was in or around the white Ford 
F-250 pickup that Kyron's stepmother drove to school the day he 
disappeared.

Multnomah County Chief Deputy District Attorney Rod Underhill said a 
witness, or witnesses, have reported seeing someone else by the Hormans'
 extended-cab pickup while it was parked in front of the school between 
8:15 a.m. and 8:45 a.m. on June 4, the day Kyron disappeared.

Authorities are seeking to identify the person, or persons, who may have
 been spotted by the truck as it was parked outside the school's front 
fence in the shoulder of Northwest Skyline Boulevard. Someone possibly 
moved the pickup and parked it up a gravel path in front of the school's
 playground while

was inside the school with her 
stepson for his science fair.

(Video clarification:

Authorities are seeking information from people who may 
have seen Terri Horman driving her husband's white Ford F-250 pickup along 
Northwest Springville Road, Northwest Skyline Boulevard, Springville to Newberry 
Road, or along Old Germantown and Germantown roads between 10:15 and 11:30 a.m 
on Friday, June 4.  In the video above, the times are misstated by Multnomah 
County Chief Deputy District Attorney Rod Underhill.)

Underhill said investigators want to identify anybody "in or in immediate proximity to that truck."

"We're looking for additional witnesses," he added, standing in the Brooks Hill Historic Church across from the school in front of blown-up photos of the Horman truck staged at each location.

The appeal to the public comes as investigators continue to try to determine the whereabouts of Terri Moulton Horman and her friend DeDe Spicher during overlapping hours on the day Kyron disappeared. Criminal justice experts say authorities likely are also seeking to support testimony they obtained from witnesses before an investigative grand jury.

»

Your guide to the story

»

»

»

»

"When you get to this point, 10 weeks out, you go back over everything 
you did. They already did all the critical high-profile investigative 
things. Now, they ask 'What could we do to add and support the new 
information that we have developed?'" said Clint Van Zandt, a former FBI
 profiler and Virginia-based security consultant.

Investigators and prosecutors have not named Terri Horman or Spicher as 
suspects in the case and are going to great lengths to avoid mentioning 
their names in public. But their actions show investigators remain 
intently focused on their every move the day Kyron disappeared. Last 
weekend, they distributed a flier with photos of both women to residents
 along Northwest Old Germantown Road, seeking any tips on whether the 
two women, or the Horman truck, were seen in the area between 9:45 a.m. 
and 1 p.m. on June 4.

At Wednesday's news conference, Underhill and sheriff's Detective Bob 
O'Donnell also asked for help from anyone who may have seen the Horman 
pickup later that morning in the lot of two Fred Meyer stores -- the 
Cornelius Pass store off Northwest Imbrie Drive in Hillsboro around 9 
a.m. or the Beaverton store along Southwest Walker Road about 10 a.m.

Terri Horman has told friends, through e-mails made public, that she 
went to those stores after leaving the school about 8:45 a.m. in an 
attempt to find medication for her daughter, Kiara. Authorities have 
pulled surveillance images from the stores and sought receipts as 
evidence to support her whereabouts.

But investigators may want to know more, such as who may have 
accompanied Terri Horman and what she was doing. "The question is, 'Who 
else is in the truck still? Gee, we know the truck was here. Did anyone 
see somebody in the truck?" Van Zandt said.

Authorities urged the public to recall whether they saw the Horman truck
 from about 10:15 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. on either Northwest Springville 
Road, on Skyline Boulevard between Springville and Newberry Road, or 
along Old Germantown or Germantown Road. If so, they're asked to call 
investigators.

In addition, the investigative team wants anyone who parked in the 
school's south parking lot, between the school's south entrance and 
Northwest Skyline Boulevard, before 8:45 a.m. to provide their name, 
license plate number, make, model, year and color of their vehicle.

While O'Donnell acknowledged that investigators worked to identify 
everyone who was at the school the morning of June 4 after Kyron went 
missing, he said that as the inquiry continued detectives developed 
leads that have them looking at information "through a different lens."

Authorities may not have previously obtained details on where visitors 
parked at the school that day and may now want to question those who 
parked on the south side about whether they saw anyone besides Terri 
Horman in or near the white pickup or if they saw Kyron Horman outside 
before 8:45 a.m.

Authorities also have e-mailed their requests to Skyline staff, faculty and parents.

Spicher was gardening at a 40-acre property on Old Germantown Road on 
June 4. Her employer and another worker at the home told authorities 
that she wasn't there when they called her in for the lunch provided for
 the workers. Investigators say Spicher, who arrived on the job around 9
 a.m., wasn't seen gardening on the property from about 10:30 a.m. to 1 
p.m.

Asked how authorities expect people to remember what they saw more than 
two months ago, Sheriff's Capt. Jason Gates said he recalls exactly what
 he was doing June 4 and believes others will.

Gates said the county's major crimes team is dedicated full time to the investigation and is resolute on finding the boy.

"The investigation is most certainly productive," Gates said. "It's just
 one of those cases that isn't going to fall into our lap."

Van Zandt said authorities may have guarded some of these details until 
now, not wanting to taint a witness's memory with details made public 
before grand jury testimony was obtained.

"Part of the challenge is most people have a hard time going back a day 
or two in their minds," he said. "I can fully understand the frustration
 and resoluteness, both on the part of law enforcement. They're still 
looking for the proverbial human straw in a haystack."

With a mass of media and TV trucks surrounding the school Wednesday, a 
few people visited the Wall of Hope -- the school fence covered with 
tributes to the missing boy.

Aida Baronsen of Hillsboro sat on a bench overlooking the school's soccer field.

"It's such a desperate thing because all the circumstances are revolving
 around a small group of people, but the clue is just not surfacing that
 will open this. It's sad," she said. "I came up to find a quiet time 
and definitely say my prayers for Kyron and the family. It's hard not to
 get angry."

Anyone with information is asked to call the case tip line at 503-261-2847.

—

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy,  and Your Privacy Choices and Rights  (updated 7/1/2024).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices