The following day, June 5, the search for Kyron continues, staff and parents of children who were at Skyline the day before are told to come to a police briefing on Sunday, and FBI and the national guard have joined the search. The next day, June 6, the FBI brings in a profiler, the community passes out Kyron's missing person flyer, the search for Kyron broadens, and Kyron's case is now being treated as an "endangered child case."

Between June 4, the day Kyron went missing, and June 13, the search for Kyron continued and has expanded into outer territories of the area, including Sauvie island, a small island 6 miles away; however, on June 13, Kyron's case transitions from a missing persons case to a criminal investigation. In the following two weeks, standard search activities ensue: billboards are donated and erected, rumors circulate about Kyron's body found, and more flyers are released.

An update in Kyron’s case occurs on June 18, 2010, when Terri undergoes a second polygraph test. Between June 26 and July 1, Kyron's family undergoes rather serious changes; During this week, two 911 calls are made from the Horman residence, the first evening call reporting a threat and the second night call regarding a custody issue, and Kaine takes his daughter and moves out of the home. Two days later, Terri denies allegations of Kaine moving out with his daughter, the Multonomah County Sherrif's Office releases a statement that the Horman family is cooperating- Terri's name is not mentioned on this document, and media speak about a potential divorce between Terri and Kaine. The following day, June 29, a judge seals an order of protection against Terri and two days later, Kaine files for divorce, gaining full custody of his daughter; Terri is only allowed to communicate with Kaine's daughter via letters and is banned from Skyline Elementary.

Terri's activities characterize the month of July, 2010: a landscaper report to the Oregonian that Terri attempted to hire him as a hit man, Terri moves out of Kaine's house, and law enforcement applies pressure onto Terri's friends, even searching the house of Dede Spicher, a friend of Terri's who was unaccounted for some time the day Kyron went missing.

During the month of August, 2010, witnesses, Skyline administration and staff, as well as family and friends, including Desiree, Kyron’s mother, Tony Young, his stepfather, and Kaine, testify in Multnomah County Circuit Court; an anonymous witness who attended the same gym as Terri on the day Kyron disappeared also testify. Searches for Kyron are still ongoing.

Between August of 2010 and 2016, three main themes of events that repeat. The first theme is the constant search for Kyron via law enforcement, search teams, and volunteers who explore new areas, revisit old areas, and exhaust their options. The second theme that emerges is the legal battles between Terri and Tony and Desiree, which circulates around the finalization of Kaine and Terri's divorce status, calling out Terri's potentially unstable and questionable character and suspicious tendencies, in addition to arguments over money. The last theme is the investigation changing direction; as numerous searches continue to be unsuccessful; law enforcement disbands the task force created for Kyron, narrows their search area, and investigates individuals within the story.