June 4, 2010, was anything but a normal day for Kyron because that day he got to present his trifold science project about red tree frogs at his elementary school.

He was especially excited to show his stepmom, Terri, his project.

However, she could only see it if she and Kyron got to school several hours before school started, and she borrowed Kyron's dad's truck to bring Kyron's trifold home. So, she did just that.


The science fair that Kyron would present his work at didn't start till 1:00 pm, but Kyron and Terri arrived at Skyline Elementary with Kaine's truck at 8:00 am as planned. In fact, Kyron and Terri are seen in front of Kyron's exhibit at 8:15 am by the PTA president Gina Zimmerman. At 8:45 am Terri watches Kyron walk toward his classroom before she leaves Skyline Elementary School, without Kyron's science project. Strangely, a Skyline Elementary School student remembers seeing Kyron near the school's south entrance at 9:00 am; this is the last time Kyron is seen alive by anyone.

Skyline classes are in session at 10:00 am but Kyron isn't in attendance, prompting his homeroom teacher, Kristina Porter, to mark him as "absent." After watching Kyron walk towards his classroom, Terri left Skyline elementary without Kyron's science fair project, which was the purpose of borrowing Kaine’s car in the first place, and runs errands between 10:10 am and 11:39 am. These errands included going to two grocery stores and driving her daughter around in the truck to alleviate the pain of her daughter's ear infection until her medicine kicked in. At 11:39 am Terri checks in at a 24-hour gym and works out until 12:40 pm. Later, Terri posts a picture taken early that morning of Kyron and his science fair project on Facebook at 1:21 pm.

At 3:30 pm, Terri and Kaine, Kyron’s father, meet the school bus and learn that Kyron has been absent from school all day, which prompts Susan Hill, the school's secretary, to call 911 to report Kyron missing; police arrive on the scene 45 minutes later. At 5:30 pm, the Portland Public school sends out a mass text to parents that reads "Kyron Horman did not arrive at home today." At 7:45 pm, the Multnomah County Sheriff personally alerts the FBI of Kyron's disappearance, and between 8:09 pm and 10:45 pm, search and rescue teams arrive and conduct a comprehensive search of Skyline elementary school, including a tunnel near the school.